---
ID: 35
post_title: 'so I&#8217;m back'
author: yochannah
post_date: 2007-07-27 22:55:04
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2007/07/27/so-im-back/
published: true
---
So I'm half finished updating the theme. I think that grey needs more contrast with the black to read easily and I want it a tad wider. I need to test it on other resolutions and IE, blah blah blah... time for an update though...

Had a great great great time in Israel. My brother wasn't around as much as everyone else cos he's in the army and had to work, but he managed to get extra time off so it was still good.

(I'm writing this while updating my Wordpress, which is taking forever - the backup has been ongoing for at least 12 minutes.... bleh.)

So I'll try a semi-linear account. We arrived in Israel without incident, flying via zurich an arriving at my parent's house at about 7 am. the two flights had been overnight so we'd had almost no sleep. We had a couple of short naps during the day and didn't do much else. The next day was a friday, so again we didn't do much, since shabbat was coming. in the afternoon and evening I was really hungry so I volunteered to do loads of food preparation tasks. My siblings were all grateful I'd taken their chores away... on saturday at four-ish we went walking to the "maayan", which is a small spring near my parent's house, but far enough away to be a fun walk.  We didn't go 'til four cos of the heat, which wasn't nearly as hot as we had been expecting. I don't think it got higher than 28 - 32 degrees the whole time, when I'd been expecting closer on to 40s...  I've never been walking with my brother as a solider before... he had his gun with him which added some extra measue of safety in leaving the populated areas of the settlement. I really miss walking to the maayan sometimes. It's cool to see pigs and gazelles that come and water.

Sunday or monday we went to jerusalem, met some old friends I havne't seen in years and years. It was really funny to find out that I was taller than Tamar. She's always been taller than me, being my friends' mum and all, but I guess that proves just how long we havn'e met *l*.

(post ended abruptly cos its bedtime. see installment two tomorrow, probably from work? depends how busy I guess)