---
ID: 93
post_title: 'I&#8217;m free!!'
author: yochannah
post_date: 2007-12-22 23:31:58
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2007/12/22/im-free/
published: true
dsq_thread_id:
  - "534366030"
---
for about a month until my php / open source development tools thingy starts. I've been soooooo busy *l* I feel like I've not had a break in ages and ages although really it was only 2-3 weeks since I spent a lazy day doing nothing much. It's when you fill your evenings with study or martial arts classes or work EVERY night and then your days off are all typing typing coding that you get exhausted. 

Oh and did I just mention martial arts? we've been to 4 classes so far, participated in the last three. Every time we've been stiffer than board and wanted to collapse afterwards. And smelled pretty bad. Darren has an advantage cos he knows some ofthe various japanese commands, having done karate before. What we're doing now I'm not entirely sure. There is a sign saying Zanshin Ryu - Aikido Jujitsu Karate. The class was listed as aiki-jitsu I think... and I've just looked up zanshin ryu and got results of either aikido or jujitsu. But in any case it's white suits and coloured belts and the sensei can kick everyone's ass and then run for a hundred miles without breaking a sweat. 

Apart from that about a week and a half ago I along with my whole team got called down to a meeting room and I got presented with a "bronze service award for excellence" or something roughly along those lines along with £100 in capital bonds vouchers. At the time I was really proud - basically it's to do with me cycling from worksop to sheffield while the trains weren't running and showing dedication to work. In retrospect I don't know if I feel very proud about it.... I was just doing what was needed. I mean, the only other way I could get to work was by bus, which took longer and I had to leave even earlier... and I like biking anyway and it was an excuse for a new bike. Besides, I'd asked John for a ride first of all and he'd said no. I wonder how he felt when he saw me get the award *lol*. If someone who DIDN'T like biking had done it maybe it would have been more deserved? Nyeh....

Did I mention my desk came about a week and a half ago too? It's built  and booootiful and has lots of space for spreading out work, just like I wanted. I've borrowed Darren's desk lamp and my noticeboard is up. 

Books: Yesterday I finished Garth Nix's Lady Friday. Super easy cos it's YA. Today I read Remnant Population by Elizabeth Moon and it was every bit as good as I remembered. I finished it already *sad* Elizabeth Moon rocks my world. I wonder who would win in a contacts of how much I love them.... her or Robin Hobb. Not really sure. There's still a book or two by her I haven't read but I'm not rushing to buy them cos then it will be allll over and I'll only have new ones by her to read. I'll buy them if I see them in a store or if I need to top an amazon order off I guess. Been considering amazon prime, which sounds likes lots of fun... and temptation... still don't know if I'll do it. Anyway, before those two books I decided to reread the Pullman ones since there was talk all over about the movie.... first 2 books I couldn't really see what the problem was, last book I finally did.... but still, It's all fiction!!  Why is this so bad and why don't people denounce every book with murder in it? or sex? those are just as fictional and have some "terrible" things in.... no?? *lol*. crazay crazay world.

To rewind back to my just submitted assignment... coldfusion is SO good!!!!!!! shame it's so expensive. mySQL is pretty darn hot too. It's something I've needed to know for years and years, and known I wanted to know about... I feel empowered now, knowing a lot more about databases than I did and equipped to actually produce a dynamic site. the coding bit of the assignment was FUN!! and easy. then the stupid report was all poopy and hard work. I was struggling to meet the 2k word count so I may have skimmed/ski too much, but I couldn't really add more without repeating myself. Ich. 

There's loads more. But it's nighttime. so sleep well my kittycats!

To bed.