---
ID: 78
post_title: Cos I always do what Ooli says!
author: yochannah
post_date: 2007-11-06 23:30:28
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
I need to start from Wednesday, I guess. We got up lazily in the morning at home, having packed the previous night. Hopped on a train to Nottingham and then a bus to East Midlands Airport. The plane left on time, heading to Inverness. It had free seating, which I've never encountered before. There was a woman with three kids who were evil. The boy sat beside us. Mostly he wasn't a problem, but at the end of the flight (a nice short one, about an hour), he was asked to turn of his Nintendo DS for landing. A simple request, no? He wouldn't turn it off. Now I think most young people understand how it would suck if you can't save the game and might lose all your progress, but if the plane's landing, it's landing! nothing to do! The kid didn't see it that way though. His mother was sitting across the aisle from him and couldn't get him to turn it off. She tried removing it from him but it appears she had very weak hands and wasn't able to forcibly remove it from her child. The flight attendant tried to remove it, but it wasn't a comfortable situation and he didn't really want to use force on another person's child. Darren tried, but again wasn't going to try too hard, so didn't get it off the brat either. Eventually the mother took it off the child, turned it off........ and handed it straight back to him!!! Gotta love the logic and discipline there. Especially since he just turned it straight back on and played it during the whole descent and landing process.

When we got there we didn't have anyone to greet us! We collected the baggage quite quickly, staring aghast as the brat and his sister used the conveyor belts as fun rides, and shortly got a phonecall from Ulrica. I wasn't too surprised to hear their car had broken down, cos Shaun had mentioned it wouldn't start the other day and had ended up being jump started. What did surprise me was that wasn't a problem with the battery - their exhaust had fallen off this time. Luckily it was while they were in Inverness already and they were already getting it repaired as we spoke, so we didn't have to wait too long. They found us and we headed out, starting off with some shopping at a strip mall thingy (there's probably a better UK term I don't know for it) that had shops open late. Boy do I miss late opening shops. Stoooooooooooopid Worksop.

We went to Boots, where Darren bought some disposable safety razors and shaving cream because he'd forgotten his normal electric razor. He wasn't too impressed with them I think - I liked the results but it was probably his first and last attempt at wet shaving *l*. We followed on with Mothercare where Shaun and Ulrica looked at baby things. Darren went "awwww" a lot and freaked me out muchses to everyone's amusement. Then at Borders I wound up with a book, by accident I promise!! *lol* I really hadn't intended to buy anything but then I saw Elizabeth Moon and, well, how could I not buy her stuff? after these two books I will only have two more by her and will have to wait avidly for each release! Write baby write!! I think she's up on my pantheon of best sci fi authors. Her fantasy doesn't rank quite as high but is still great. He ex-military roots really show though. There are only about two books of hers that don't have really strong military ties.

We decided to have a quick meal before driving up to Wick, rather than a proper restaurant meal, and ended up in Burger King. The guy who served us wasn't a great advertisment for his job. We theorised that he was stoned because he was acting so bizzarely. Shaun and Ulrica got their food first and went to sit down. We got to experience the grumpy young man for somewhat longer. He had a bit of a tantrum because Darren wanted a big coffee and he couldn't found any big lids for the coffee. When someone brought some from around back, he threw them on the floor. I'm not sure if it was a continuation of his tantrum or if he couldn't figure out where to put them or what... He was so crazy that all his co-workers were laughing at him rather than helping  him, which probably exacerbated the whole thing. After he threw the cups down I realised I couldn't control my laughter any longer so I turned around and ran over to where Shaun and Ulrica were sitting. I didn't want to laugh in his face even though his behaviour was so incredible. An aside: The Angry Whopper wasn't bad, not as spicy as advertised though. I'd have it again.

The drive up was pretty peaceful, not es exciting in the dark as it would have been during the day time, but we weren't there for the view anyway *g*. Min was incredibly happy to see us, managing some full-body wagging which was very very cute. Darren and I commandeered her chair and blanket for most of the duration of the visit, so she had to sit on the floor more than normal, or snuggle up with Shaun and Ulrica. We got back pretty late so spent a while lying about on the couched and then went to bed.

The next day was Thursday. We went into Wick in the morning and did shopping, important stuff like food and a forgotten hairbrush... The Chinese place had a nice cheapish special three course meal lunch, which we all enjoyed. The highlight of the day was the French restaurant in the evening.  I think anyone (except possibly someone french?) thinks about scary-to-eat things when they think of French food. Ulrica's eating is somewhat restricted because of the pre-baby, but all us non-pregnant people had interesting starters. Shaun had oysters, which he reported prettymuch tasted like saltwater. Darren tried one of them and agreed.

I went for frog's legs, and Darren got snails. I hate to have to say it, but y'all know the saying "tastes like chicken". It's just.... true. If the meat hadn't been on frogs I might have thought it WAS chicken, because it really LOOKED like chicken too. I probably would have felt less disturbed if it wasn't still on the frog bones. I'd expected just a collection of single legs attached to nothing, but they actually came connected with each other, and with a large portion of spine too. Basically I got frog hips, not just legs, and it was all too easy imagining them flexing and swimming away, as frogs do. They were all garlicky, which is allllllways good.

Darren struggled getting his snails out - he had one of those funny tong tools, which brought up Pretty Woman, inevitably. He gave up on them and just used his fingers and a little fork after a bit. I tried one, but just as I put it into my mouth Darren said something about it being too wriggly. He was later surprised when I said I swallowed it whole without chewing it. Yech. The garlic on the snails was nice too, but I can't comment on the texture because of the evil wriggly comment that made me freak out. *l*.  

For mains Shaun and I had sea bass with dill, and Darren and Ulrica had pheasant. There was a side of potatoes to share. I could go there and eat just the potatoes over and over again - I think they were done in cream. They were incredibly rich and mouthwatering and happy-moan-producing. I even scavenged the ones of Shaun's plate when he was finished because I couldn't let them be wasted!!! Mmmmmmmmm! I'm getting excited just thinking about them.

Desserts we all had different things, all of which again seemed amazing. Darren had chocolate torte, which was dense, delicious, dark and dangerously daring.... am I getting carried away with the alliteration? (someone spank me if that's the wrong term...). I had crepe doused in alcohol and lit on fire. Apparently it didn't burn for long enough, so when I went to eat it I had my breath taken away by the intense alcoholic punch. It still tasted yummy though *g*. Ulrica had Crème brûlée, (I copied it from wikipedia so I could get all the accents right) which I think I shall have next time I encounter it, because I tasted some and it was delectable too. Shaun had sorbet, which was the one thing I didn't try... I'm always a bit scared of sorbet, because what if I try to compare it to icecream, and it comes out inferior because it's not creamy? I know I shouldn't compare it to icecream but I don't trust myself. I'm an icecream snob.

I think it's possibly the best meal out I've ever eaten. Every single bit I had of any food thrilled my taste buds. The quality of the food was simply beyond compare. And the cook came out and checked up on us personally! I should have kissed his feet, because he is an honourable and great soul.

It's getting quite late now, so I'll go to bed and continue the blog from friday morning.

2016 edit: Photos from this visit: https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipMzO1mzutV14IA0VDQPPKWL691Qhze1ljiShTyK3XfImZkEz__u_ZkncZ1bCR6yUA?key=bk1yWVBVVGNVeEpWS0NkMC1uZVBwYWtHSjE2RjNR
