---
ID: 66
post_title: Today
author: yochannah
post_date: 2007-09-19 21:31:39
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
Got up at 5:45 (eep) to get the 0630 train to Sheffield, and to take my driving theory test at 0800. I normally get up at 0600 for the 0630 train, but Darren doesn't like getting ready in a rush. I used the spare time to boot up my PC and cram a little bit more. I got to the test centre on time. 

They nearly didn't let me do it. There's a typo on my licence. For long confusing reasons I had to use McFarlane on the licence, but some nincompoop had input it as McFarlene. You'd <i>think</i> they'd typo yochannah, if any names, not a name that's pretty darn common. As I had registereted as Yochannah McFarlane, apparently I was acting with two identities (I never mentioned that I usually use a completely different last name and that some ignorant and annoying people assume I took on Darren's last name besides...). They never noticed I'd accidentally registered Yochannah with a C instead of Yohannah, which is the name that goes alongside McFarlane on my kiwi passport. They changed the name I had registered to take the test as to McFarlene so it'd match my licence. Then I went in and did it all, and passed. I got a question wrong though. That one niggling question bothers me a bit, cos I'm not sure which it is, and I don't remember the questions well enough to look into it.

Afterwards we went to <a href="http://www.decathlon.co.uk/EN/index.html">Decathlon</a> and I spent lots of money but below my planned budget. I got: 
<ul>
<li><b>bike trousers</b> - a necessity, as I only had jeans to use on my bike as my last trousers wore out, popping at the seams... and it's getting far too cold for shorts. </li> 
<li><b>full fingered padded bike gloves</b> - I had some fingerless, but no full finger bike gloves. I also have looooads of girl gloves cos people always seem to buy them for me for some reason. But girls gloves are mostly for girls who transition from the car to work to car to home and so on, without ever really enjoying windchill at biking speeds. </li>
<li><b>bike shoes</b> - yaaaaaaaay!!!!!! I've wanted some of these for ages. My sneakers are wearing out, (nooooooo! I love love love my nike air thingy sneakers! they're so good! support! high quality!) and I don't really want to exhaust them on my bike when they aren't crucial to biking - they're best for jog/run purposes, or lots of city road walking in comfort. Bike shoes also have a very stiff sole, allowing more of the force you exert to go into pedalling rather than bending the soles of the shoe. I got the cheapest mountain bike ones there - the road bike ones weren't comfy, and most of the shoes, mountainbike or road bike, weren't designed for walking at all. I know I'll need to do things like park my bike and go into the supermarket for food, or on long term bikes hike into the forest to see something cool, to stop and eat, etc... so they must be suitable for walking. Not heavy duty walking or anything, but walking. They feel a bit weird, cos there's more to the front of the shoe than the back. I'm user to wearing higher heels, but higher fronts? it's kinda inverse and wonky seeming. </li>
<li><b>front and rear bike lights with rechargeable batteries</b> - a necessity. Winter is Coming! *g* it's fun to get a chance to say that! Winter = dark early = will die without lights</li> 
<li><b>Luxuries - a compass and two pairs of hiking socks</b> - socks are so comfy! I want them always and not just for hiking, but I only have two sets and they're far more expensive than black trouser socks. </li>
</ul>

After we purchased this we had lunch and came home on the train again. I tested out the gloves/trousers/shoes on a nice  quick ride along the <a href="http://www.chesterfield-canal-trust.org.uk/maps/Canal-map.jpg">canal</a> to shireoaks, turnerwood,  and then back to shireoaks and worksop by a mostly road route. I saw my mandarin duck again - I like seeing him! he's sneaky and hidey though, and he's shy so I can never get pictures that are big enough to see him clearly cos he sits on the OTHER side of the canal. 

I stopped off at one point on the canal because I could see lots of feathers and dung on the grass on the other side. I crossed over on a lock, and looked for nice feathers. There wasn't anything too impressive. It looked like a place that birds had sat and preened themselves - I'd have said swans since there were lots of large white feathers, but there were some large grey/brown feathers too that stymied me. Geese? Herons? I got back onto my bike and cycled around a bend to encounter... two swans and two cygnets! I actually yelled quote loud "So that's what it is!" or something along those lines, when I realised I was right and it was a swan nesting area, and the reason for the dark feathers was that the cygnets, who were already adult sized, still hadn't lost their juvenile colouring. I need to apprentice to Ray Mears and make my tracking (and spoor identifying and survival and wild food and hiking and....) skills supreme.