---
ID: 33
post_title: 'So I&#8217;m back part 2'
author: yochannah
post_date: 2007-07-28 14:50:03
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2007/07/28/so-im-back-part-2/
published: true
---
If you read this half first it might make less sense.

When I last stopped writing I was in jerusalem.... *thinks* before we left jerusalem we went to my parents' lawyer, who got me to sign a document saying I'm going to get about 11,000 shekels compensation for the carcrash I was in 4-5 years ago. <a href="http://www.xe.com/ucc/convert.cgi">XE.com</a> Says that's about 1,250.59 GBP. I think it's slightly less cos of the lawyer's fees, but still it's over £1000. It's a very nice thing to get considering I'm 98% over the crash. The extra 2% I'm not over it is only in good ways, like "I <strong>MUST </strong>always wear a seatbelt" cos I know I'd be most likely dead if I hadn't worn it on that one occasion in the past.

On the way home we had some fun. It took ages to get into the central bus station cos there had been a bomb scare. Anytime a bag is left alone (and noticed) there are about three warnings on the loudspeakers, then everyone is evacuated from the floor in question, and the suspicious object is blown up. In this case it was right beside the platform we later used to board our bus, and it appeared to have been a feather duvet or pillow, cos they were everywhere. I think most of the things left behind are innocent, but I'd much rather have 10,000 innocent bags blown up that one bad bag that's really a bomb blow up all by itself and cause far more havoc. And havoc is a rather innocuous word for what could happen.

Apparently Michaela my sister once left a bag behind at a platform, and when they asked everyone to leave the floor so they could deal with the bag, she of course went to get it, and everyone says "whoa there, that's the bomb, don't go that way!" and she was discovered. She didn't realise it was her bag because the bag was one of those colours that some people think is one colour and others think is another - A sort of grey/green I think. They announced the colour she didn't think it was.... She was under 16 at the time, so didn't yet have an ID card. This was a Good Thing for her cos otherwise she probably would have been fined.

Once we finally did get into the central bus station it took ages for the bus to arrive. We missed the one we'd planned to get since it took so long to get in, and the next one was due in an hour. It was quite late (I don't recall just how late... maybe 30 mins?) and it was an old red bus. Old red buses break down a lot, as opposed to nice newer green buses, which don't break down so much. True to its heritage, it broke down, just on the edge of jerusalem, by the checkpoint between israel proper and the west bank. It was in the middle of a roundabout *l* which caused some fun when other big vehicles wanted to pass. Smaller vehicles managed okay.

A rude lady asked the driver what he was doing about the bus being broken down. I could forgive her once because maybe she didn't hear him ringing the bus company. A few minutes later she asked him the same question in a very confrontational way. This time there was no reason. What on earth else does she expect a bus driver to do beyond informing his superiors? Push the bus? Give her a piggyback? Hijack a bus going elsewhere? *L* She told him it wasn't good enough that he wasn't doing anything, and it was terrible that she was stranded in the middle of the desert. My family members and I were hard pressed not to laugh out loud at that, cos it's really NOT desert. As I'd said, we were right on the edge of the city *L*.

Eventually the next scheduled bus came and picked us up free of charge. It didn't even take all that long, because the bus we were on had left so late it was close-ish to the next bus departure.

I think it was that night I started work on my project / coding / report stuff... I spent quite a few days doing that, which was mostly fun. I like playing with code, which you've probably noticed by now *g*.

The only other big thing we did that week was go to the luna park in tel aviv. that was fun (ish). 1 - 1.5 hours to jerusalem, another hour to tel aviv on the bus, then another bus to where we thought the luna park might be, then 20 or 30 minutes of walking and realising the luna park wasn't where we thought it should be. Then came a taxi, which finally got us there. I had one fun ride and about 7 sickly rides. The only fun one went mostly up and down, not 'round and 'round. After ride three I had to stop and have a break, lest I puke.

Ride four for me, number six for others, I decided should be ok cos my stomach had calmed down. I'd drunk two bottles of water to try and stop the sickness. Cool water or air almost always helps. I popped on and went round and round and round. Ella was in front, I was behind her, Darren behind me and Michaela behind him. Michaela poked Darren, Darren poked me, broke my anti-puke concentration and whoopee!!! no vomit yet, but I <strong>knew</strong> it was coming. The ride stopped shortly after and I staggered over to a tree near a bin. I couldn't even speak to anyone, just stand there. After a few seconds I realised fighting it just wasn't going to stop it coming, so I let it do as it willed. It was quite projectile, and the highlight of our visit to the park, apparently. Whenever anyone asked how it was, they said "Yo projectile vomited."

I did some supergentle rides after that, like the ghost train. (Which, incidentally, was the worst one I've ever seen. Really. Truly. Boring. I enjoyed myself by screaming loudly at random intervals when there was nothing to see. I'm sure it helped the atmosphere.) When we'd finished we waited for a bus that never came cos the buses on that route stopped at 2000, and we'd left the park at about 2010. when it was 2100ish we figured this out and got a taxi to the tel aviv central bus station, then a bus to the jerusalem central bus station. we had some lovely lattes while we were waiting for the bus to Eli to show up. Mmmmmmmmm. Latte. Real Latte. Darren and I want a REAL coffee machine now, not just a tassimo. *dreams about lattes*

Shabbat came and went again, including some long monopoly games, and on sunday we went to Tel Aviv again - this time we did shopping. I got HP in tel aviv (I'd tried in the central bus station in Jerusalem but they were all sold out.) but didn't get to read it until the bus back to JM. I normally can't read on buses or cars but the tel-aviv - jerusalem highway is really nice and flat and straight so it was ok. We did lots of clothes shopping when in tel aviv but didn't find anything at all.

The coooooolest thing that day was when we went to a restaurant and I ordered food. they wanted to take down my name so they could bring my food to me when it was ready. As usual I thought "Oh shit, what name do I give them?" when I suddenly remembered that saying "Yochannah" would be ok!!!!!!!! Normally if I'm with Darren I give them his last name, but for once yochannah was normal (well, pronounceable and understandable, if not normal *L*). The same thing happened again at the airport when I ordered a latte on the way home. I really really like it when people are ok with my name. It seems europeans are almost always fine with saying it. It's only people who only speak english who have problems. And I don't mind being called yo - which is not normally any easier for people to comprehend but it's easier for them to say. I still normally have to repeat it a time or three, and spell it as well. I normally say something like "It's Yo. Why-Oh. Like the greeting." I'd not dream of saying it's like Jo but with a y, cos then they'd latch on to jo. It happens too often anyway. Jo, Yolanda, Yaz, there are various names that people seem to think are ok. Not Yo or Yochannah though *L*.

After we got back from Tel Aviv I finished HP pretty fast, which was a shame. But good too. Me bookhungry. Grrr.

Tuesday was a jewish fastday, which we observed since we were there. Darren got told many times that no one minded if he ate, but he didn't. At the end of the day (four-ish again) we went to the maayan once more, to take photos this time. By this point we'd not eaten or drank in almost 24 hours, so Ella didn't feel well enough to come. I don't think any of us really had the energy to do it. We took loads of pics, which was lots of fun, and rescued a frog that was trapped in a bit of the maayan that has been made into a pool - a deep pool. The pool wasn't very full so the frog was a metre or two down in it, and wouldn't have been able to get out. We took him/her out and put him/her into the natural bit of spring that's nice and shallow and good for frogs. It was fascinating watching the frog swim underwater, just its powerful legs flexing. We really, really, really didn't have the energy to get home at the end of the day. We kept on stopping and having rests on benches. At one point Benyamin and Michaela found a skateboard from somewhere, and Michaela dragged him along. Darren and I were a bit ahead at that point, and I turned around and thought "How did Benyamin get wheels?" which struck me as tremendously funny at the time. At some point I will get all the pics up.

Wednesday morning we left. :( we had some panic on tuesday because there was a strike due on wednesday, and we thought the flight wouldn't go. But the way it worked was that we would have had to call Swiss Airlines at 0900 when they opened to find out what the story was - whether they were participating, what alternative arrangements might be made, and so on. We had to leave before 9 to be sure we'd be on time if it DID go, which was annoying. Luckily, when we got up at 7 oclock the news said the strike was on, but Ben Gurion Airport wouldn't strike for another 24 hours. Everything else was already striking. Both the flights, again via Zurich, went fine.

We arrived at London City Airport, which is very very small - probably the smallest airport I've ever been in, zoomed through immigration and customs, and found out that overnighting in the airport as planned wasn't going to work since the airport was going to close. We tried two hotels near the airport but they were both fully booked. We walked to the Tube station and took two trains to London King's Cross. Problem was, that closed at 0130. *l* so we got kicked out onto the streets of london, exhausted and with loads of baggage. We thought we'd try an internet cafe we'd been told was open 24 hours, but that was shut too. We walked on a bit aimlessly and found a hostel. They only had beds in an 8 bed dormitory left. Yech. We went out and tried two more hotels but had no more luck, so returned to the hostel and slept fitfully in a room with snoring strangers until about 5 am, when we went back to King's Cross. The 6am train arrived in retford at about 7:40, and Darren's parents picked us and the cat and some groceries up and dropped us off at home. The end. Finally. *l* that was a REALLY tiring night.