---
ID: 5
post_title: ""
author: yochannah
post_date: 2007-05-06 16:48:47
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2007/05/06/5/
published: true
---
I just jumped out of a plane. To cross post from FFF:



<blockquote>Well, I'm still alive.

It was good!

We had to get up at six, left at 6:45, got there about 7:30. It was small place, and we saw two hares on a field nearby. I've not seen hares before.

One girl was white while waiting for the jump, which took a long time because of disagreeable weather. The clouds were too low I think, so they couldn't gain enough altitude. I think I went about 12ish, third or fourth set of tandem jumps. I went along with a lady who had gotten it as a Christmas present and didn't really want to do it , and a redhead who was scared too.

I wasn't scared at all really *l* I was actually worried I'd look a bit bored (I wasn't though. I just didn't see any reason to get worked up or worried. loads of people do it all the time safely. My instructor had done it about 3300 times!)

The other two people on the place were also tandemed (is that a word?) with instructors. They went out first and also had cameramen jump out with them to record dvds and stills. I didn't do that because it was expensive *l* and because I have a video of us swimming with dolphins I've never watched, so I doubt I'd watch it either, and I'm not paying £90 for that! I was there to experience it, that was all. The camerapeople had these little wings between their arms and torso which gave them more manoeuvrability in freefall. They left the plane first and did this funky bond thing hanging on to the side before each of their jumpers jumped.

I was last out of the plane. I didn't have to do the jumping myself which made it easier. I was attached to my instructor and had to curl my legs up and behind him, and he chose the jump time. While we were standing at the edge of the plane's door it seemed utterly unreal *l* I didn't think we could -really-be about to jump onto nothing....

When we jumped I could NOT control the high pitched squeal *l* but then after a few seconds I realised it wasn't serving much point, because I was still falling and might as well observe the view. I also noticed the amazing amount of pain in my ears due to the rapid air pressure changes.

We free fell until about 6000 (or was it 4000?) feet, and then he opened the parachute. That caused a big jolt and put all my weight on the straps, which until then had been tight but ignored *l* it wasn't the most comfortable thing I'd ever felt. Once we had slowed down with the chute, I took my goggles off and discovered we were going slowly enough I could converse with my instructor. after a few seconds I also noticed signed of motion sickness in me, and I relayed it to him..

During the progress of going down he steered but didn't do a lot of swerving or anything because my motion sickness got progressively worse. I very very nearly vomited in the air, which would not have been a nice move. luckily we landed and it stopped enough that the vomit didn't come. I'm still feeling sick 4 hours later though, partially because of an hour's car ride back that was utter torture.

I have gotta do the freefall thing again. Just need to figure out how to avoid feeling like crap the rest of the afternoon *l*

Some bad quality pics: (I'd not bother looking at the sky ones much, you can barely see me)</blockquote>
<br>
<a href="http://catwithnoname.com/photos/index.php?level=album&amp;id=1">Skydiving</a>