---
ID: 22
post_title: '*snore*'
author: yochannah
post_date: 2007-06-23 14:40:11
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
Work on a saturday. I'm reading Iain M Banks' (or is it banks's?) <i>The Player of Games </i>, and it is Good. So far, at least. Two hours to go 'til hometime. This is not going to add up to a very interesting update cos I acn't think of anything else. Oh wait, I can. 

1) I just updated this PC's thingy to IE7. We're not allowed any *real* browsers. I have to reboot to apply changes, but I will hopefully like it betterer than IE6 cos it has tabs and I deparately need tabs to keep my window total down. As I haven't rebooted yet I'm still using IE6, but it has gone a bit fucked up and I can't actually use any bookmarks or type urls in manually in the top bar. All I can do is type what I want in google and click on those links, and it sometimes will work ok.

2) My paintball bruise is yellow and brown. It's really big. I'm having fun showing it off to people but really I won't mind when it goes away (along with the other ones which aren't as bad) so that I don't look like I'm being beaten. As if I would put up with crap like that anyway *l* I obviously don't speak from a position of experience but I don't understand why a stereotypically beaten wife is supposed to just sit there and take the beatings and maybe try to hide the bruises or go to the police if she has the nerve. If someone (anyone here, I don't ever think Darren would attack me l*) tried to properly beat me up I'd do my best to give as much as I got, the bastards. Why take shit? Any maybe women generally tend to be weaker than men, but that shouldn't mean you have no ability in your arms and legs to deal out harm.