---
ID: 56
post_title: Things
author: yochannah
post_date: 2007-09-04 23:24:07
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2007/09/04/things/
published: true
---
Just as articulate as the title "Stuff", eh?


I've been battling (and just given up) with OpenSuSe 10.2 to get Skype installed. They seems to support 32 bit linux and not 64 bit. I can't really complain too far, with it being free 'n'all, but seriously, who would buy a 32 bit PC nowdays? I don't know why I was trying to install Skype anyway, cos I don't really need to use it when on linux. I have it installed on my windows partition, and used it yesterday to have a VoiP chat whilst playing WoW with Benyamin and Darren. It was pretty cool, although he seems to have an obsession with using the /charge emote. It's kinda good that he's in the army, cos it means we can only WoW with him half the week, when he's off, and not all week. We are forced into having some amount of life *L*. I'll probably drop it when my next course starts up.

I had a shitty evening yesterday. I had a puncture on the way home from work, so was late for the train. I pumped it up about three times on the journey and travelled on steadily softening tyres, only stopping to repump when it got really awful. The train was too full and someone (or someones) had a REALLY REALLY bad BO problem. I got sick, what felt like motion sickness, but I never get motion sickness in trains, so I blame the BO people. I was feeling so rubbish by this point I almost wanted to cry, just cos the afternoon was being crap. At the same time, I was annoyed at myself cos it was a silly set of events to stress about. I dropped my bike off at Halfords to get the puncture repaired (I would have done it myself if it was the front wheel, but rear wheel is a pain in the butt, with the gears and chain to screw about with). I went back home, borrowed Darren's debit card (mine got lost agaaaaaiiiin on friday or saturday) and went back to pay for / pick up the hopefully repaired bike. It wasn't one of the guys I knew, (I have a friendly relationship with my local bike store. Geek.) and I didn't like him. He repaired it but didn't bother to rechain it. As I had planned to ride the working bike home I had to do it with my hands and got loads of grease on my hands. Black Black grease. Next time I will fix the frigging wheel myself. When I got home, I couldn't find Darren's card. I burst into the house and this time my weepy self did break forth. I found it in the shed with my bike after a minute or three but for some reason that particular day it was all just too much! I felt superfoolish afterwards *l*. 

Today I had another train experience. I actually had lots of energy after work, which I possibly attribute to eating sensibly, including things like breakfast! I don't really know though *l*. I decided to get off one station early and bike a bit further, cos the bike from Shireoaks along the canal is pretty. I had run off from work in my work trousers rather than my bike trousers, since my margin to make the train is slim and I'd rather not have to wait for the next one. For any real biking I wanted better garments though, so I decided to nip into the train loo and change. 

The train toilet closety thing had a wet floor. I decided I did not want to take off my sneakers and stand in the mysterious wetness, so I stepped out of my sneakers and onto the toilet seat, and promptly broke one of its hinges. Standing on the precarious sliding unstable seat, made more unstable by the movements of a train, I quickly changed my trousers, nearly falling into the toilet when the seat slipped, and then stepping back down onto the mysterious wetness in my untied sneakers as soon as I could. 

I decided I'd better try and repair the seat, or at least make it less obviously broken. In the process I got something brown on one of my fingers. I don't think it was the direct result of bodily waste, more likely a build up of splatters over the train's history. EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW. EWWWWWWWW Ewww ewww ewww EW! I still feel tainted. I managed to wash it off mostly but the water was so hot I had to give up after a bit and use paper towels just to get the soap off my hand. I'm tainted! 

<hr /> The small fluff brain really enjoys her new house. It's great. 

<hr /> Where shall I go tomorrow? I think I want a walk, rather than a bike. *routehunts*Ah-hah! <a href="http://uk.geocities.com/stationtostop/chinley_churn.html">Chinley Churn</a>. I've checked it on my map and it's a nice clear route. It's quite a short walk, so I'll take the optional route extension, which serves the dual purpose of being less wimpy and getting me to a train station.

<hr /> Talking about walks, a dilemma: How shall I make a dynamic database / page to store them? I'm thinking something simple, basic tabular data.... walk date, from, to, time, distance, etc.... I know how to do this in ASP, but don't have ASP on this server. I could make an array in javascript and a loop that would cycle through an array adding &lt;tr&gt;s and &lt;td&gt;s where appropriate. All I'd need to do is add stuff to the array each time I did a walk. Javascript is something to generally avoid in my books though. It requires processing on the client's PC and is sooo prone to bugs and varied support depending on which browser / OS / whatever you're using. I'm sure it can be done in PHP, but I don't know a lot of PHP. The best idea, I think, is to install another wordpress and modify it really heavily, and embed it in my current wordpress, in one of its pages. If each "post" was just a summary of the details, perhaps using custom form fields, and the template wrapped each "post" in the loop in &lt;tr&gt;s and &lt;td&gt;s, it should work, right? (I think I only expect lolo to understand this one). I know just enough PHP to feel comfy tinkering with wordpress that much. Oh and I'm not considering a static page, that's a pain in the butt.