---
ID: 98
post_title: 'Thinking over 2007&#8230;.'
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-01-01 18:26:32
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2008/01/01/thinking-over-2007/
published: true
---
Just kidding! I don't care very much what number it says on the calender, except that I've been writing 2007 for over 300 days so it'll take a little while for my brain to remember to write 2008 instead. I don't think Darren's mum can wrap her head around my lack of care for the transition between dec 31 and jan 01, she was trying to explain to her sister last night that I did celebrate New Year's Day / Eve or whatever it is you're supposed to celebrate. As usual I couldn't keep my big mouth shut and I asked her to explain exactly what I did celebrate despite Darren signalling for me to leave it.... and then she discovered that there is a Hebrew Calendar, which totally amazed her. I suppose that Jews should have dropped everything to suddenly record their dates according to the movements of a splinter sect / foreign religion's prophet... 

I started to investigate the gregorian and julian calender because of all this... apparently the Julian calendar started in the year "45 BC"... which originally was very confusing, how did they start numbering if it was before Jesus was born? If they were using different numbers before that, what were they at the time? If it was 45 AD it might make sense because no one would revolutionise their calendar for a baby, he'd have needed to be middle aged or so before people started paying enough notice. Or was it something to do with very very bad timekeeping? And I was raised to use CE and BCE rather than AD and BC... 

Wikipedia's <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anno_Domini">Anno Domini</a> entry eventually solved my quandary.
<em>"Though the Anno Domini dating system was devised in 525 it was not until the 8th century that the system began to be adopted in Western Europe. According to the Catholic Encyclopedia, even popes continued to date documents according to regnal years, and usage of AD only gradually became more common in Europe from the 11th to the 14th centuries.[4] In 1422, Portugal became the last Western European country to adopt the Anno Domini system.[4]"</em>. I remember once Darren thought the system was to do with Britain's queens and kings, and was wondering if it shouldn't be the year of our lady since there is a queen at the moment... *l*. 

Darren's mum is probably conviced I wake up every morning and think about whatever hebrew day it is now (even though I am actually not sure what month it is and never ever managed to learn the sequence of the months off by heart).

I even found a hebrew calendar that was almost completely in english to email her. I didn't think it would be as easy to find as it was... 

I'm working today, and they pay me double time because it's a bank holiday. It's almost silly cos it's a tuesday, a day I'd normally work, and the trains are running prettymuch as normal, so I don't see why it's any hardship to come in. 24/7 companies should always employ foreigners or people who aren't christian - they'll probably be happy to work all the days the "normal" people need off... and laugh with their easy lazy days and extra overtime pay besides...  

All in all, I'd really rather be allowed to go to sleep whenever I like on december 31st. I can greet january when I wake up and be far less grumpy besides. On reflection, my anti-celebrating-someone-else's-religious-dates obsession is almost... religious? *lol*

------------

And at the moment (apart from the long meandering ruminations about the calendar system) I am reading and browsing. <a href="http://www.go4awalk.com">go4awalk.com</a> is strongly likely to get a subscription from me sometime soon. Its walks have GPS data listed on it to make everything superduper easy. I don't really intend to user my GPS device for finding my way. I intend to use it more to prevent me from losing my way, or getting me where I want to be if I do get lost. Navigation with a map and compass is too much fun. The GPS device is also pretty good for recording the walks I've done and uploading them. I intend to fully investigate the software tonight and plug some waypoints into it for a walk/bikeride tomorrow. I'm not sure exactly what my plan is, but it involves getting up at about 6 am, arrving in New mills at about 8 am. It should be light enough by then to set off (I hope). I'll bike along the <a href="http://www.derbyshire-peakdistrict.co.uk/settvalleytrail.htm">Sett Valley Trail</a> to Hayfield. The trail is a disused and done up railway track, so it's incredibly flat, straight, and easy to bike along. It's only about 2.5-3 miles long as well, so I could probably go there and back in half an hour. I know I also want to look at <a href="http://www.derbyshire-peakdistrict.co.uk/newmillswalk.htm">The Millenium Walkway</a> in New Mills... Apart from that, my plan is fluid. I more likely than not won't be going UP into the moorland, because I suspect it's going to be vewwy vewwy foggy. I might investigate the area around Bowden Bridge, which is where a group of walkers / ramblers / hikers gathered in 1932 for <a href="http://kindertrespass.com/index.asp?ID=37"> The Kinder Tresspass </a>. I'd noticed signs about the tresspass in the past but didn't know much about it. Apparently the peaks I've grown to love used to be forbidden, as they were a grouse conservation. They still seem to have enough Grouse nowdays even though people are allowed on them. It's great to sit down and listen to them cack-cack-cack when no one else is about. Anyway, these ramblers were grumpy at not being allowed to walk up on Kinder, so they formed a group and went up anyway, resulting in several of them being arrested and their act becoming semi-famous. I keep on saying tresspass instead of trespass. Grrr.  

All my my exciting plans should be relatively short, so I should make it home during the afternoon and still have time to do home stuff. I wish it was summer.... daylight is so short at the moment.... and summer here's never actually hot *lol*

I'm also feasting my beady eyes on things I might be able to buy with my overtime (I have something like 20 hours to hopefully be paid in my next paycheque). Some of it needs to go to powweb to reregister my domain name and buy another year of hosting. Dollars are hankfully so puny!!! Bwahahahaha. I could do the sensible thing and use it to pay off my bike, since I'll be buying another one with the cycle2work scheme soon anyway (YAY!!!!!! bikes bikes bikes bikes bikes bikes!). I'll have to wait and see what the taxman does to my overtime though - it might not be feasible. The taxman is so munchy when it comes to my paycheques cos I'm stilllll on emergency tax. 

Over and out.