---
ID: 258
post_title: Win Hill
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-11-05 22:59:05
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2008/11/05/win-hill/
published: true
dsq_thread_id:
  - "141815879"
---
I had a short walk on friday. I don't mind the weather when I'm walking, but heck, winter sucks when the days are so short. I love the peak district so very much but I need to discover a new area to attack it from - I'm running out of new paths to try. My walk started in Hope, straight from the train station along a few country roads before setting off along a beautiful autumn tree lined path: <p>[simage=11,288,y,right]</p>

<br /><br /><br /><br />Just as I stepped on to the path I noticed my gloves were missing. I'm a very lazy person so I nearly didn't head back for them, but I thought about it some more, and remembered that these are literally the best gloves I've ever owned. They keep my hands warm even when wet and are actually wind resistant enough that the wind doesn't howl through the seams when I cycle fast. They've also got a lovely gel pad that rests between my hand and the handlebars. So I reluctantly abandoned the lovely path and backtracked until I spotted the wayward blue and black garments. it probably only added 10 minutes on to the walk anyway. 

On the way up there were a couple of <a href="http://picasaweb.google.com/yochannah/HopeWinHillHopeWith2Caches#5263380813887142274">piles of rock</a> on their own. These cairn-ey things are frequent in the area. I'm guessing that they're probably mostly collapsed drystone wall, but Darren told me that one of them conceals a witch and you have to add stones to it to keep her safely in there. The problem is, he doesn't quite know which one sealed the witch into her eternal doom, which results in me stopping and waiting impatiently several times while he hunts down a stone (and usually tries to force me to put one on too) if he ever walks with me. When I'm on my own I don't worry about it too much...

[simage=21,288,y,left] This path led me most of the way up to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Win_Hill">Win Hill Pike</a>, which is very exposed, and very cold. I stopped by a geocache and then headed down the other side of Win Hill. My ears and fingers started tingling with returning warmth once I'd gotten out of the exposed area - late October winds on the top of a hill are plain evil!!

[simage=26,288,y,right] Below the pike (the knobbly bit of the hill), the other side of Win Hill is wooded, which provided further shelter from the chill. It was also incredibly muddy and slippery, since the sun couldn't break through the pine needles to dry it all up, nor could the wind take any away. The second major waypoint of the walk was Win Hill Barn.

[simage=30,288,y,left] I stopped off to sign my name on another geocache hidden behind a mossy barn rock, and then had to head roughly south back towards Hope. The track through the forest petered out, and I'm slightly ashamed to say I used the lazy navigation aid to ensure I was heading the right way - my GPS. Normally I prefer to navigate with map and compass, leaving my GPS for backup only, but I was simply not in the mood for sighting a tree in the right direction, heading towards it, and repeating 20 or 30 times. Blargh. 

Then I lost my gloves again. Argh!!! In a forest with undergrowth, where every single tree is a pine tree, it's not easy to backtrack your exact path - once again my GPS saved me, and I found them both. I intend to keep a much closer watch on the darn things after this, or perhaps buy a pack that has mesh side pockets the cat hasn't helpfully added large holes to...

A fox burrow (huge guess here, could be anything really) was probably the last and most interesting discovery of the walk. There were fresh-ish footprints around it, but rain had blurred them so I couldn't get proper photos of the tracks or use them to identify the animal. I think it would have been too small for a badger...? 

When I checked the clock I realised I had a train in about 25 minutes. For a moment or two I plodded along, resolving to miss the train and get the next one, when suddenly I had a spurt of inspiration and I <em>ran</em> down Win Hill. It was invigorating and quite hard work - the downhill aspect made it easier physically, but ensuring that I stepped somewhere that I wouldn't slip on mud or wet grass was very demanding mentally. 

On the way down, between my overheated body and the angle of the sun, I was quite amused to notice that the shadows from the grass had turned red to my eyes, rather than the normal very very dark green / black. I presume it's something to do with red being green's complementary colour. Brains like to play funny tricks with complementary colours....

And in the end, I made it in time for the train, and I didn't slip in the mud or on the grass. The sheep weren't too impressed when I ran through their field, but they can cope.