---
ID: 113
post_title: Nationality and earthquakes
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-02-27 22:44:00
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2008/02/27/nationality-and-earthquakes/
published: true
---
Nationality: I was talking to Shaun the other night and for some reason I was reminded during the conversation of the fact that I should really apply for British citizenship since I've lived here long enough.  I wandered about the various government sites and found the application form. And then I did a double take. HOW much?????? Oh, only £665. Ouch, ouch, ouch. I've had a few days to adjust to the amount but it is still evil. Can the admin cost for this really be so high? Is it a way of keeping "undesirable" residents from becoming citizens? Suddenly I've sold my soul for overtime. It's not that we can't afford it - we save money.... but I wanted to, y'know, use that money for something nice, something fun, or at worst case a rainy day. I don't want a big chunka money spent on boring stuff. I won't call it spending on unimportant stuff - because at the moment (always really I guess) there is so much in the news about those terrible immigrants coming and taking our jobs and stealing our benefits and working illegally and so on.... 

An aside - it's horrible to say, but most people I meet don't seem to mind or even realise that I'm one of these terrible immigrants - I'm white, I speak english, I don't dress funny, I don't practice a "scary"/"strange" religion that doesn't revere Jesus, etc... People say things like "that shouldn't apply to you!" and as nice as it is to hear that, I don't know if it makes a whole lot of sense. They're only thinking that because I'm not as different from them as some immigrants are. I'm still doing everything the same as those immigrants by taking jobs, NHS funding, so on... Why am I arguing against myself here? *L* 

So back to where I was - I am suddenly finding myself wanting to work lots of overtime so I can still afford nice things AND become a British citizen so that I can feel completely safe in my life with my spouse without wondering whether anti-foreigner paranoia might change things and get stricter than they are. First step is the life in the UK test - I need to know things that British people really do tend to know - like where someone might come from if they have a Cockney accent - and some things that a lot less of the British people will know - like when women got the vote, or which countries have which patron saints, and what day of the year is dedicated to them. A quick poll with some colleagues found that the only person nearby who knew any of them was the Welshman - and he knew the Welsh saint only, I think... *L* So after passing the test, shall I be British-er than the real British people? Somehow, I think not.... 

I'm not worried about the test. I'm great with book learning, especially in a case like this where it's really just memorising facts. It's slightly annoying that there are only 24 questions in the test though. It means you can't get a lot wrong. More questions = more allowed to be wrong = easier test. *L* on the <a href="http://www.lifeintheuktest.gov.uk/">Life In The UK Test</a> website there is a whole section teaching you how to use a mouse, keyboard, etc... I wonder how you get to the website if you don't know how to use them? (yeah, I know, someone else could get them that far.... it's still good to grumble)... 

And the other exciting thing that happened... last night at about one AM Darren woke me up and I realised the house was shaking. I then remembered that we're in a terraced house, so the whole terrace must be shaking. What could make a whole terrace shake like this? An earthquake? And moments after I came to that realisation, it was over. It was fun. I was a bit disappointed to be so sleepy that I didn't really get to experience it as fully as I might have if I'd been awake. The cat experienced it in the most sensible place a cat could - under the bed. Darren got up and ran downstairs to inspect the house because I don't think he's ever been through an earthquake before. In NZ they are (or seemed to be, when I lived there) a lot more common (see <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Quake_epicenters_1963-98.png"> this map of earthquake epicenters</a>. You can't really see NZ cos it's covered in epicenters.) and I remember a lot of earthquake drills at school as a kid. I also remember a lot of times when my parents would say to me "there was an earthquake last night, did you feel it?" and I'd have slept through it... again... dammit. *L* I'd not have been woken by this one, despite it being rare in the UK, but Darren woke me. I'm glad he did. As I said, it was fun. The amount of silly people who said it was terrifying on the news amused me. It was like... wake up... huh.... shaking....? and then back to sleep... They thought it was scary? *LOL* I can understand that the person who had a chimney fall on him might not have been too impressed.... just shaking isn't scary. Wimps!! *LOL*

I've now got a "mobile broadband" modem for my Eee. Fun Fun Fun Fun!!!!!!!!!! I can do it anywhere!!!!

Also, I have a cool bruise on my arm. And new glasses.