---
ID: 282
post_title: Snot
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-11-29 20:44:12
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
Colds suck. I sounded pretty silly talking to customers today, as I'm incapable of pronouncing nasal consonants. Darren was kind enough to make fun of me - lots. I think the skin around my nose will be peeling quite soon from blowing it so much. 

I realise I'd not blogged in quite a while. This is mostly due to not doing much interesting. Oblivion on the Xbox, studying, and Martial arts have been eating up my days. Oh, and work of course. 

Martial arts is going pretty well I think. Grading is in about 2 weeks. I have ended the last few classes feeling really positive about my ability to remember the japanese terms Sensei uses and what they mean. (Japanese with a Yorkshire accent is amusing, btw!) If I can only get myself to stop being so darned stiff during class, I think I can do ok at grading. I always cross my arms and apparently look really uncomfortable. I'm just concentrating!! *lol* the worst bit is I try hard to relax because sensei's always on at me about it... but concentrating on not-concentrating doesn't make any sense!! It doesn't work very well either, apparently. I'm wondering if I should consciously slouch bit to look relaxed. Would that work, or would it just look like a tense slouch? *lol* I managed to pull a muscle in my stomach last lesson whilst punching which kinda proves that I'm tense in places I don't need to be whilst training. I just don't know how to stop it. 

I've sent explicit instructions to my lungs, forbidding any asthma or tightness until grading is over. I hope they listen. I hate chickening out of things when my chest gets tight. I never know if I'm being a wimp or being sensible, even though sensei is very understanding about genuine medical conditions. I don't think asthma counts as being out of control if it only ever flares up during intense exercise. I can jog for half an hour without issue, but get me sprinting for more than a short time and ***wheeeeeeeze***. Curses. 

Talking about jogging - I need some new sneakers!! mine no longer have tread and the right one squeaks when I step. I'm just reluctant to dish out the money on a new pair - and there's no point getting a £15 pound pair cos they'll still be less supportive than 3 or 4 year old bedraggled good quality sneakers. I did a nice jog the other day in my old ones and came out with blisters all over besides.