---
ID: 131
post_title: Busy days off
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-07-12 13:34:20
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2008/07/12/busy-days-off/
published: true
---
On Monday I had a glance at my rota at work and discovered I was scheduled to be off on Thursday and Friday. My team leader Chris had gotten some dates confused when I originally tried to book time off to do my very last web apps end-of-course-assessment. I thought we'd figured out all the right dates and stuff - and we had - but he'd left these two days on the rota as well by accident. I figured I might as well take them since I still have two weeks of holiday left. Combined with my normal Wednesday off in the week, this gave me loads of time off - I seldom even get two days off in a row, nevermind three. 

Of course, <a href="http://laurence-judith.thegeekcartel.com/">Lolo & Judith</a> will be visiting on the days I have booked off to do my ECA so I'm going to have to be really good and try and do a lot of work in the evenings instead. I'm resigned to being happy with any pass mark, even a low one, for this course - cos the course is B..... O...... R..... I..... N.... G..... 

Coding is fun, loads of fun. All of my other web application courses have had coding and that helped me survive the boring bits. This is all to do with tweaking servers and testing web applications and network configuration and <a href="http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/commerceserver/bb608757.aspx">Transaction Cost Analysis</a>. Don't read that paper unless you want your brains to dribble out of your ears....

My Wednesday was an interesting day, all in all. I'd seen a leaflet in Sheffield train station for <a href="http://www.moorsforthefuture.org.uk/mftf/audiotrails.htm">moorsforthefuture.org.uk</a>, who were offering downloadable "audio trials" for the peak district. Most of them are too short for silly people like me who think any walk less than 5 miles is only for wimps, but one in particular caught my eye - the <a href="http://www.moorsforthefuture.org.uk/mftf/audio_trails/kinder.htm">Hayfield (Kinder Scout) route.</a> It was 9 miles long - respectable for an afternoon's walk - plus I'd need to cycle an extra 3 miles each way from New Mills (where there is a train station) to Hayfield, just to get to the starting point. 

The night before, I downloaded the 10 mp3s that I needed to listen to at various points on the trail - read out by an experienced peak district ranger - loaded them onto my phone, printed the PDF trail guide, and loaded the .gpx coordinates onto my GPS. So far, so good. I knew I was going to get very very wet the day of the walk, because the weatherman on SkyNews said in a depressed tone that if we wanted to stay dry the only way to do so was to go to Portugal. He called the rain coming towards us a "mountain" of rain, and that was prettymuch the whole report. He was the most amusingly crap weather reporter I've ever seen *l* but he really made me laugh. 

There was some misty rain when I arrived at New Mills Central train station. Nothing serious though - I'd have been comfortable at this point without a jacket, I think. The way to Hayfield along the <a href="http://www.derbyshire-peakdistrict.co.uk/settvalleytrail.htm">Sett Valley Trail</a> is very very easy, since it's a disused railway, and very flat and straight. It's slightly uphill on the way there. Not so much you can tell easily, you just sorta wonder why the cycling is tiring you so much when it seems the route is flat. On the way back, it is suddenly easier than normal, and you realise there is a small slope there to fool you. Tricksy trail. 

I parked up at Bowden Bridge car park, and listened to the first audio snippet. The ranger gave a lovely introduction and warned me to have the right kit - compass, map, etc.  I had this all, of course, since I tend to always take a stupid amount of gear - admittedly I use it all, but I take a lot - but I wondered how many less experienced walkers might have only listened to this warning once they were already at the car park, and then ignored it because they couldn't be bothered to go out and pick up or buy kit they didn't have with them.

The start of the walk was beside <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder1/">Kinder Reservoir</a> (does that link work? It should be photos but it's being not loading. I'm too lazy to check if I have a grumpy PC or if there's something wrong with the gallery). The <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder2/images/032.jpg">reservoir</a> was picturesque, but it felt strangely out of place, since it was <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder1/images/011.jpg">mown</a> and well kept, in the midst of wild heathery moorland. It had lots of Canada Geese congregating on its banks, honking and cronking loudly. 

Quick glossary interlude:

Clough: (pronounced "cluff".) A little mini-valley carved out of the side of the moor by running water. The water can flow all year round or may be seasonal. Ascending one of them is often a really nice way to get up to the top of the moor, and they'll have unsavoury looking dark brown peat-tinted water. 

Grough: (I think it's pronounced "gruff".) A similar water passage carved out of the TOP of the moor - the interlacing grough network makes hundreds and thousands of peat "islands". This can make navigation on top of the moor very hard, since you can't travel in a straight line. You generally have to go down into the grough and then back up again, when often the groughs are taller than you are, sometimes 2 or 3 times so. The unstable peaty sides of the grough tend to collapse somewhat at you go up and down them. You could try to stick down the bottom inside the grough, but then you have NO idea where it's going to bend or take you, or whether it might become a dead end. It's also going to be very damp and sloppy in the bottom of the grough, so you're better off not being in the bottom unless you don't mind going barefoot when the sucking peat steals your shoes.

Back to the regularly scheduled programming now. I ascended the moor by following <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder2/images/008.jpg">Willam Clough</a>. There were some sheep on it who'd had their clothes stolen by farmers, and I laughed a them. I was warmer than they were, and they were naked! Bwahahaha. Some sheep higher up had managed to avoid the shearing, probably by being so remote the farmers couldn't waste time on them. This part of the track wasn't somewhere you took anyone who wasn't able-bodied; there were two or three places where a bit of climbing was required, and the path crossed over the water several times. 

Once I got to the top of the plateau, the stream running down William Clough just seemed to disappear all of a sudden. The mp3 for this area directed me to follow 110 degrees magnetic north to find the <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder2/images/013.jpg">wreck</a> of <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder2/images/020.jpg">two planes</a> on top of the moor. Yochannah being the lazy person she is, I sighted roughly the right direction and then wandered around for ages getting vaguely annoyed and eventually pulling out my GPS before actually finding it. I should have just followed the instructions more precisely at the start, but y'know... The surprising thing, really, was that I DIDN'T find it without my GPS's help. It was strewn across a huge portion of the mountain - none of it was particularly plane-like in looks, because it was all so broken apart. 

The peat I was walking on was all pleasantly (and surprisingly) hard. I suppose it's the driest period of the year at the moment, so it's when the peat will be at its firmest. It was quite nice not to slip about and get as filthy as normal. I still don't regret wearing my gaiters though. I had a light rash on my upper legs where I wasn't protected by my gaiters at the end of the walk. Exactly why, I don't know. It might be because my upper legs were wet for hours and hours, drying a bit and then getting really wet next time it rained? Or it might just be that I had more stuff brushing up against me that I reacted to badly? It's strange in some ways, because normally I get a big thick band of red rash under my socks (maybe from sweat and heat?) when I go walking, but this time I didn't. 

After walking away from the plane (I took many photos of it in morbid fascination) I took a route along the edge of the Kinder Scout plateau for a while, until I reached the wonderful <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder3/images/001.jpg">Charged Mountain</a> where I can go in 2015 to be evacuated to Venus when the world ends. <a href="http://www.aetherius.org/index.cfm?app=content&SectionID=36&PageID=35#british">Truly</a>. That GK in the picture stands for George King, the mighty man who started it all.

Interlude: I hate Big Brother. I hate Big Brother. Make them SHUT UP!!!!! They are singing! Why does Darren watch it? It makes me die inside. All the nasty people gossiping about each other and all their petty crap over and over again. 

The charged mountain thing was relayed to me by the amused park ranger voice that lives in my mp3 player. It gave me a bit of a chuckle as I continued on to <a href="http://images.google.co.uk/images?hl=en&q=kinder+downfall&btnG=Search+Images&gbv=2">Kinder Downfall</a>. I was a bit underwhelmed by one of Kinder's most famous features - I'm not even sure which bit of the area was the official fall itself. I think it was just too dry - the "river" was so shallow I actually walked across its bed most of the time. In the right wind, the waterfall is supposed to go up instead of down, creating a huge plume up in the air, and if it's cold enough, it can even freeze whilst going up. What did I see? Nuffink. Bah. 

I stopped for a short while to have a snack in a <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder3/images/007.jpg">rocky shelter</a> near Kinder Downfall. The next section of the route was along the <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder3/images/016.jpg">river bed</a> that lead along to <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder3/images/003.jpg">Kinder Downfall</a>, and was by far the most beautiful part of the walk. It was a shame that it was really foggy - I would have enjoyed the walk a lot more if I'd been able to see more than a few feet in any direction. 

I encountered a bird that I think was a <a href="http://www.rspb.org.uk/wildlife/birdguide/name/g/goldenplover/index.asp">Golden Plover</a>, but I couldn't see it very well, since it was obscured by the fog. There were several of them out there answering each other. I tried to record the sounds they were making on my phone, but when I got home and played it back all I could hear was the wind. Basically, I could tell roughly what shape the bird was, and that it was pale in colour. The sounds played back from the RSPB website were my main method of identifying it. It sounded a bit like a door that would benefit from some more oil. I stood still for ages on my own on the misty moor just watching and listening to it. You feel like the only person in the world when the strange cloudy white surrounds you everywhere, and the sound of the bird was the only thing to interrupt it. 

I also saw a <a href="http://www.rspb.org.uk/wildlife/birdguide/name/r/redgrouse/index.asp">red grouse</a> up along the river. The little bastard stood still for a bit but still managed to run away by the time my camera had initialised, and when I got to where it had been standing it hadn't left any tracks for me to photograph. 

Eventually the river narrowed to a <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder3/images/023.jpg">small miserable grough</a> and it got, if this is possible, <a href="http://www.catwithnoname.com/photos/kinder3/images/025.jpg">even foggier</a>. I traversed an unknown amount of moorland in the fog like this, climbing through the groughs, until all of sudden a cliff loomed up straight in front of me. I'd have been able to see it from the other side of the moor, I think, if it had been a sunny day. As it was, I only saw it when it was about 10 or 20 meters from me. Fog really does make the whole world seem magical and eerie. This cliff was a familiar friend, part of Kinder that I knew well. Optimistically I texted Darren with a conservative estimate of no more than two hours left before I got back to the train station, and probably a lot less.

This, of course, was the signal to my leg to start hurting. Badly. It's the same injury I've managed to do to myself loads of times - a muscle beside my knee hurt abominably every time I try to support my weight on it, particularly downhill or on rough terrain. Considering I was on top of a large plateau 2100 feet above sea level, and I had to get back to around 500 feet, the descent was not going to be fun, and it took me ages and ages. The longer journey also meant I got wetter, since I was out for more time in the now relentless rain. My gaiters and goretex boots couldn't withstand the combination of sky-waters and water from the bushes and grass I was wading through. The problem with goretex boots, of course, is that once the water is IN them, it's not really going to come out easily, either. 

As I was crossing over a stile from the wilder moor areas into more cultivated-looking farmers' fields, I noticed a small plastic bag with a note in it, tacked to the wood of the stile. I nearly ignored it, but then my curiousity won out. Balancing on the precarious wet wood, I leaned over to try and get the paper out to see what it might have said - if anything. The wet wood and my balance disagreed, and rather than getting the paper I slipped and managed to cut my finger on some rusty barbed wire. It wasn't deep or particulalry painful, but it bled for ages, and being on my fingertip means that it gets reopened whenver I do almost anything (or so it seems). 

I left the paper where it was, its mysteries to be discovered by another traveller, and sucked on my finger as I stagger-hobbled down the grassy bank. I'd been up this section of hill once in the past, and I remember struggling at the time to tell which of the fields had public footpaths and which were completely private. One of the fields was full of potholes, droppings and lambs. My agonised leg made me traverse it really, really slowly. I tripped several times, each time recovering without falling down, but I couldn't help but imagine myself stumbling and breaking my leg. It would be looooads of fun to huddle beside a sodden drystone wall with only sheep for my company, waiting for mountain rescue to come. Why did I even imagine this scenario? I'm not sure, but I was feeling a bit miserable at the time. *l*. 

I crossed over a break in the drystone wall to a different field that was in much nicer condition. On a dry day it would have been an idyllic clover field. It was smooth enough (lacking random potholes) that I went down it quite swiftly - backwards. When I walked backwards, my leg didn't seem to hurt nearly as much. Anyone who could see me must have thought I was terribly bored or strange, or both, though. After two big long clovery fields like this I cameo ut to what I think was Tunstead Clough Farm on the map - and then it was only a couple of minutes descent down to Bowden Bridge carpark. I was soooooo relieved to get back on my bike, since cycling didn't hurt my leg almost at all. 

I was also rewarded with the use of public toilets at hayfield campsite, just beside the carpark. Toilets are sweet luxury when you've been walking in the hills. Honest. Even public ones. 

I cycled back to New Mills with my gaiters still on, which probably looked quite funny - heavy duty hiking gear on a bike? But I had decided that the best course of action was to save the dry change I had until I got to the train station, in case it rained on me more while I was cycling back. My shoes were so wet that when I finally did take them off at the station, water actually ran out of them when I upended them, and despite two pairs of dry thick hiking socks they soaked my feet again straight away when I put them on again - but I was now merely damp as opposed to squelchy-swimming-pool-feet. 

It was a long day, and the end was pretty miserable. Even so, I enjoyed it and would do it again. I'd prefere a drier day though. *l*