---
ID: 105
post_title: Loads of stuff!
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-01-26 00:01:43
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
Wednesday was payday and my tax has finally been sorted out so my pay was 2.5 times what it normally was. No complaints at all *g*. So I ordered an Eee from Technoworld.com. Next day delivery, which is actually friday delivery since I ordered it at about 10PM. So today, being friday, I called them up to check when it was due. The site is <strong>quite</strong> crappy, so I didn't really trust them (but I was willing to pay extra and deal with the crappy site to get an Eee). Apparently the order didn't exist, despite my clear recollection of having entered my card details etc.... so no delivery today. and nowhere has stock now, except for swindlers who want to sell the 4gb version for £300 or worse. and I'm stupid enough to pay a bit more than I might if stock wasn't tight, but not that stupid. So I must wait. I've bookmarked <a href="http://eeestock.cpjackson.co.uk/">http://eeestock.cpjackson.co.uk/</a> and I'm constantly refreshing it, and will do so at work probably as well. My mouse has come already! It's a <a href="http://www.logitech.com/index.cfm/mice_pointers/mice/devices/3271&cl=us,en">Logitech Nano VX cordless mouse</a>. It's small, has a nice protective carry pouch, is sensitive enough to use on almost any surface (on my leg while standing up on the train, perhaps?) and the usb adapter that picks up the signal is so tiny I can just leave it plugged into the laptop at all times. And if I don't want to leave it in my laptop or my mouse carry case, there's an integral slot in the battery compartment of the mouse that I can put the adapter in. I have a <a href="http://www.play.com/PC/PCs/4-/1112155/SanDisk-Cruzer-Micro-USB-Flash-Drive-4GB/Product.html">USB flash drive</a> on the way as well, which will double my storage space. It's a supertiny one (although not as small as my mouse's usb thingy) so it'll not stick out too far from the Eee. 

Poopy! there was one in stock at Macwarehouse.co.uk while I was rambling away and it got snapped up. Frustrating. 

And that's prettymuch the Eee. Other things that happened on wednesday include my PSU arriving, being relatively easily installed, and me regaining a working PC. I really need to install windows sometime soon, but I don't know when I'll be bothered. Pooooosssssibly sunday. The biggest excitingest bit of wednesday was my crrrrraaaaazay walk. I took a <a href="http://www.walkingbritain.co.uk/walks/walks/walk_b/3350/">route</a> suggested by someone online. I marked it out on the map, and knew full well that part of it was a "scramble" and wasn't really on an official track. I never ever ever imagined how scary it would be. I was relatively well prepared for a day outing - the only thing I feel might have been of benefit that I didn't take was an <a href="http://www.survival-school.org/Default.aspx?tabid=246&CategoryID=2&Category2ID=22&List=1&Level=2&ProductID=71">emergency survival bag</a> of some sort. I had a map, with the route marked out, a printout of the route with descriptions of the waypoints, and a GPS with relevant waypoints marked out. I knew the area relatively well. There was not time at all that I wasn't confident about my location in relation to my starting point. Yet there were several times when I was well and truly shit scared. In retrospect now, it's thrilling. Ish.

The first part of the route was routine. I've been down the start of the Pennine way near Edale many times, so it has lost its wonder and is mostly just a long muddy plod. It did have the added allure of a Geocache on the way, nice and easy to find, nothing I really wanted to take from it though. As soon as the route left the beaten track it got more difficult. I tried to cling to the eastern side of the river Noe like my route description told me to, but there was nowhere to walk. The river is in the bottom of a valley, and both sides rise up steeply beside the river. After a slip off the side of the riverbank that was only prevented by grasping two painful handfuls of gorse I decided to go along the west side, and deal with a river crossing when I finally had to. I was relatively confident that it'd narrow enough for me to jump over at some point - it was so narrow it barely justified the word "river". I'd have used the term "stream" if I hadn't already been told it was the "RIVER" Noe. Even on the west side of it, there were a couple of tricky spots where I had to cling tightly to plants growing on the riverbank to be sure I'd not slip off the edges and into the river. At this point I remember thinking it was quite tricky going, but I was sweet and innocent then. 

I encountered two or three places where I thought I might cross, but ultimately I chickened. I decided at one point to toss my bag across, and then jump over. Just as I hefted the bag and was about to throw I lost my nerve, terrified I'd drop it and it'd get swept away. So I plodded along the wrong side of the riverbank for a wee bit longer, until my map told me quite clearly I HAD to cross the river or it'd get more tricky and well off my planned track. This time I did the crossing in several steps. After ascertaining that the rocks that looked safe to cross were in fact evil slippery bastards that would not give me safe footing, I took my pack off again, and tossed my mobile phone over... it's the only thing that would have really been ruined by the water - my GPS unit is waterproof. Admittedly, the shock of being thrown wasn't good for it either - it turned off on its own when I threw it - but better than water if it'd gone in! *lol*. And it could have been vital to my survival if I got hurt (and had any signal....) Next I made a couple of practice throws on the dry grass with my backpack until I was sure how much force I needed to throw it with to go over the river safely - and then used a bit more. It too got over to the other side without a dunking. I was not so lucky. I didn't fancy missing the jump across the river so I took off my shoes and socks, threw them to the other side, and waded across. My trousers still got wet to the knee, despite being rolled up high, but that wasn't so bad. The water was icy cold and coloured a dark brown from peat on the peaks. I'd packed my scarf but didn't need it for warmth, so I decided to use its sweet grey microfleecy lengths as a towel to dry my feet off with at the other side. I then put on my lovely dry shoes and socks, which were both still loooovely and warm with my body heat. Successful crossing! I found a nice geocache at my crossing point, and dropped off an unwanted nail manicure kit (I really hope girlies geocache and not just dudes cos I plan to drop off all my girlie rubbish in them). I picked up a wonderful neck strap lanyard thingy, which I plan to use with my mobile phone on walks in the future.

At this point I ascended up an even narrower valley, clinging to the heather with every single stop to avoid a plunge into the cold rocky river. Eventually it did become too narrow to follow the river path, so I went straight up the hill to ascend to the peak. This is where it becomes really really really scary. Have you ever wished you could "save" real life so if something fucks up, if you fall down a steep slope into a rocky river, you could reload if it all goes wrong? I wished I could at that point. I was all on my own, and not high enough on the mountain yet to get mobile phone reception. It was the steepest slope I'd ever climbed. I knew I HAD to go on, because going down wasn't an option, it was more dangerous than going up. Going down, I was a lot more likely to slip. As it was, the only thing between me and a fall was my tenuous grip on old rotting grass. Sometimes the grass was more like compost than grass, it was so old.  And the steep climb just kept on going on and on, leaving me even further and further to fall. If I slipped, would I be able to grab onto some plants before I'd fallen too far? would a stray rock break my swift slide down the slope before it was too late? Would it be a classic movie scene, me about to slip, reaching out for someone's hand, but in this case without anyone to save me at the last minute? My mind was incredibly capable of imagining terrible things. At one point the fear and exhaustion (because climbing steep slopes is hard work!) overcame me and I flopped on my back to rest. Eventually, the steepness plateaued. Not for too long though, and there were two other extra-steep expanses I had to conquer before I reached the top of Kinder. Some of the places I was climbing were so steep even the sheep didn't go there. 

When I was nearly at the top, low cloud / fog enveloped me. Finding the path, a well known one I'd trod on a  time or two before, lifted an incredible weight off my poor worrying heart. I was back to easy flattish walking again! I had to battle the incredibly eroded peat bogs, but I knew where I was going for now. The cloud eventually cleared away, and I managed to find my way along and down without too much trouble. I did have moment or two of worry when I though I'd missed my turn off towards Edale and the train station again - after my steep ascent I really really really wanted to take a normal beaten track, rather than scrambling down the side of the mountain - but I wasn't off track, I was just fretting purposelessly. I found the track a bit further ahead, exactly where it should be. Getting down was a breeze. And then, I caught a train, and then another train, and then I was home.