---
ID: 106
post_title: Today
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-01-26 15:33:41
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
Yesterday first, though. At the end of the day I had loooads of fun - the power at work went off about half an hour before we were due to go home. Emergency lighting came on but we still all got sent home, being told it was too dangerous to remain in an unlit building. The only consequence is that we can't access our email via Outlook. It simply refuses to work online and sticks about in offline mode all day. It's made things only slightly tricky, really. We didn't have a massive queue of calls or anything like that, which was a big relief. I had expected today to be awful. 

Today I ordered an Eee again. I don't know if it went off properly - I saw stock on my Eee stock checker, jumped on it, bought it, and then refreshed the stock checker. It was gone. Is that because I bought the Eee, and there was only one, or because it shouldn't have said it was in stock? I dunno. I tried to call the site to find out but the message said the customer service line was shut. I'll check on monday. Dlivery should hopefully be monday or tuesday, I don't know if today counts for the next day delivery or not. 

I actually dreamed about Eees last night. We neeeeeeeds it, we does. We also need a wireless router now so it can be used upstairs. That, or a helluva long cat5 cable. Wireless would be better though, considering that it's free up another port on the router - the Wii has wifi inbuilt too.