---
ID: 125
post_title: '4 out of 5 ain&#8217;t bad&#8230;.'
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-06-16 19:44:17
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
It's like the meatloaf song, only different. It was supposed to be 54 miles in 24 hours but my legs said no no no. it'll be 42 miles only, thankyou very much. Still not bad but I can't say I'm not disappointed either. I never thought to be a quitter, but I knew my limits and apparently loads of people were passing out on the ground at the last stage. I'm glad I had the sense to know when to stop, unlike them.  

Anyway, enough whining. I'm not really feeling too sorry for myself at all. 

<strong>Friday 13th June</strong> - unsurprisingly there were some giggles about the date/day combination of this day. We basically had 2 long car journeys and 2 shorter ones. First of all John drove us up to the FSC offices at Edinburgh, where we parked the car in a nice secure parking building. We were a bit later than we had hoped, but it didn't matter because the hire van we were taking to Fort William hadn't arrived yet anyway. We went up to the floor that the office was on and were astounded with the view - a magnificent cliff rising up, topped by Edinburgh Castle. Nothing between the two at all. I should have taken pictures now that I think of it. Darn. The van came an hour later than we hoped, but we all loaded it up and piled in. "We" means: 
<ul>
<li>Me</li>
<li>Darren - Support Team</li>
<li>John - Walker - A colleague from the FSC Sheffield office, who works on my team and sits directly opposite me.</li>
<li>Andrew - Walker & Team Lader - Andrew's from the Edinburgh FSC office, and is the guy who originally sent out the mail suggesting the crazy venture. </li>
<li>Jeff - Walker - Another FSC Edinburgh colleague - and a hero to boot!! (I'll elaborate later)</li>
<li>Meriel - Support Team - and also a professional masseur (is that the right word)?</li>
<li>Adrian - Support Team - used to be a colleague of Andrew's</li>
</ul>

Meriel didn't actually drive up with us - she met us at the hotel later in the evening. The drive from Edinburgh took about 3 hours. (I think? I didn't time it but that's what it felt like....) We dropped our bags off at <a href="http://www.islesofglencoe.com/">The Isles of Glencoe Hotel</a> and then quickly popped back into the van to go to the "Clan Gathering" at Fort William. The gathering was basically food, final registration, and a quick Health and Safety briefing. The food was ok, the registration quick (and full of "goodies"), and the briefing boring and obvious - but necessary, I suppose. We got quite a lot of goodies - a t-shirt that was too big for me, a hat with an attached midge net (soooooooo useful!!), some Redbull, a poncho that I never used cos it was just plastic (as in plastic bag plastic - pretty rubbish), and a "hiker support kit" which I didn't really open. We has our identity tags attached to our wrists the night before - we were assured that they were durable enough to shower in - and after all that was done, it was back into the van and to the hotel. 

Back at the hotel we gathered for a drink before bed. I felt incredibly witty when I suggested perhaps the challenge was for 54 <em>pints</em> in 24 hours, and we had all been confused and signed up for the wrong one. No one actually decided to try for the pint challenge though. *g* We went to bed at about 11, please to see that it was still relatively light outside. 

<strong>Saturday 14th June</strong> - We were set to get up at 0630, to meet up with everyone for breakfast at about 0700. The light was quite bright, coming in from a lovely window/door combo that looked out over the loch, however, so I woke up at about 0550. I didn't really mind, because I didn't feel tired - just energised and ready. I showered, figuring it would be nice to start this out as fresh as possible (and knowing the good smell wouldn't last for long!!). 

Breakfast was less than amazing for me, but British breakfasts always tend to be. There was a full cooked british breakfast available - eggs, fried bacon and tomatoes and black pudding and all that crap - and then what they called the continental selection, which consisted of fruit, some cereals, meats, cheeses, pancakes, etc.  I managed to find some cheese, melon, a pancake (which I finished only reluctantly) and some toast and coffee. I also had a bowl of cereal - cornflakes and something brown that might have been bran. You'd think I'd be happy with all that, I suppose... *L*  I normally just tend to just eat normal "day" food for breakfast....

We squeezed back into the van, after taking a few photos as a team, and headed off to the starting point at Fort William again. This time we had to pile out of the van quickly with our hats already on and our midge spray at the ready - the midges were out in utterly horrible nasty hordes. We'd been told to arrive early, so we had to stand about for quite a bit before we set off. But it came soon enough anyway... there was a countdown.... 10 - 9 - 8 - 7 -6 - 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 - and we were off!!!!

<a href="http://trail.motionbased.com/trail/episode/view.do?episodePk.pkValue=5996932"> This is the routemap</a>. 

We started off on a relatively gentle ascent, through lots of trees. Midges like the tree a lot more than the open spaces. At first the trail was very crammed - it took quite some time for the several hundred walkers starting at 0900 to spread out. The other start times were 0700, 0800, 1000, and 1100. We chose quite a good start time in my opinion - if we had started at 0700 and been running early potentially we could have reached a checkpoint before it opened. If we had started at 11 and been late, the checkpoints could have been completely closed. Nont suprisingly, the first checkpoint wasn't too taxing at all. We had a 3 or 4 minute break at the first water stop / toilet stop, but otherwise didn't need to stop until the first official checkpoint. We did manage to get off the track at one point, where there were two forks. Apparently we were following some other people, and others followed us, so there was quite a queue who had to turn back - we were only a minute or two out of the way though so it wasn't significant. 

The first checkpoint was really really nice, but again covered in midges. John had a smoke which scared them away for a bit - probably the first time I've been grateful that someone was smoking near me! We has a chicken / mushroom pasta that was loooovely. The support team really really shined. They cooked, refilled our bags with water, isotonic drinks, and supplies, made us coffees and teas,  and generally made sure we were ok. We checked our watches at one point and were astounded to find out that we'd been sitting down for 45 minutes! Pretty promptly we were off. The next section was one of the two sections we'd completed in our practice walk last month - we were all dreading it since the ascent was very very demanding, over 550 meters up from where we'd been. We stopped at the top, once we were finally up, even though it was raining and VERY cold up there. I had a bit of chocolate and some fruit. Andrew had really really struggled with this section, and when he sat down he got a terrible cramp. We suspected he'd not been drinking enough of his isotonic drink - but obviously we had to carry on. After the descent down the Devil's Staircase, Jeff and I ended up getting quite far ahead of John and Andrew. John was also in pain by this point, and the support team said he was really pale when he got in to checkpoint 2. This time they had sandwiches ready for us, which I happily wolfed, and I also managed a brownie, and a chocolate roll, and a chocolate muffin..... :) chocolate bliss, eh? I applied some blister plasters to essential places on my feet at this point. I'd already put some on the suspect points before I even set off, but I had more blisters and chafing at points I hadn't thought would be a problem. John went to get a massage, and came out looking not nearly as white, and Andrew downed a cup of hot water mixed with salt. We weren't sure if that was the right type of salts to help compensate for what his body had lost in sweat - but it did the trick anyway, whether because it was what he needed or as a placebo...  The break was quite long this time, while we were waiting for John to get massaged and eat - I ended up waiting in the van to prevent myself cooling down. 

When we headed off we all seemed ok again. I felt like this section was probably the easiest, despite the fact that I'd already walked 20 miles.  A lot of it was an old military road that was VERY rough on the feet. Earlier on, Jeff had said it was easier on your feet to walk on the side of the track on the heather and grass. I'd responded by agreeing but mentioning that I was conscious of erosion. I managed to stick by my principles and walked on the hard uneven cobbles the whole time. By about halfway I realised I desperately needed to go to the toilet. I was quite looking forward to the water stop, but when we reached it we found that it was (typically) the only water stop between checkpoints that DIDN'T have portaloos available. I wasn't the only one who badly needed to go - we all did. Eventually I decided it was time to stop walking and find a bush, or risk pee down my leg. I don't have problems peeing in the wilds, but I did have problem finding a spot where I'd not have to share my pale white butt with everyone - to the right there was bare moorland, and while there was forest to the left, there was a high fence to the left as well. I called out hwne I spotted an old closed gateway that would be easier to climb. It was so old I had to get john to support the gate for me - the wood was cracking under my feet. I didn't have to go far into the forest because it was very very thick pine. I have never known such desperation before - or such relief once I did pee. I just plonked right onto the ground at the time - and regretted it later when I pulled up my pants and realised they were full of pine needles.  When I got back out of the wooded area John was there but Andrew and Jeff had left. Apparently they were so bad they'd decided to run the 2 miles to the next checkpoint. 

This was the checkpoint where there wasn't enough parking for the support teams to meet us. All food was supplied by the RBS Challenge organisers. The isotonic drink tasted icky - like the stuff mum always made me drink when I had diarrhea when I was a kid. Lucozade is so much nicer. I ate some mushroom and chicken stew stuff with rice, and some chocolate cake. We all booked in for massages at checkpoint 3. They make you feel amazing - but only for about 15 minutes after you've started walking. John also saw the blister person and got his feet quite bandaged up. 

When we set off on the fourth stage it was just getting dark. We pulled on our head torches and seemed quite cheerful. There was a bit of an ascent, but it seemed easier than it had on the practice walk we'd done - possibly because it was a lot cooler in the night time. I walked with john at my side most of the time. He'd forgotten his headlamp, and some sections, particularly the wooded ones, were too dark to see even in the twilight. 

We passed the Bridge of Orchy, a pleasant pub and small town, and stopped quickly for a drink and the toilet. It was about midnight at this point and fully dark. We made really really good time for the next wee while. I would have liked to go even faster than we did, but I think John was really feeling the strain in his legs and he asked us to slow a bit. 

Somewhere in this section we noticed loads and loads of cowpoo. It sort of became a game for me to look out for it on the track and then shine my headlamp on it to make sure others saw it too. Jeff commented at one point that it seemed to be getting fresher, and I joked that we'd probably meet the herd soon. Even so, I was surprised when I looked to the left a further down the track and shined my headlamp on a ginger highland cow! It was a calf, really. Typically, there was an adult cow on the other side of the road. It wasn't the same colour, but we were still wary that it might be the mother, and therefore dangerous to walk between them. We were going to walk around the calf, but when I shone my light to the side of it to find the way, I saw another calf - and the terrain to the side of IT was too rough to negotiate at night - so we walked carefully and slowly between the adult and the calves. We didn't get gored or anything. 

Eventually I raised my voice and suggested that we have a 5 minute break. Someone form another team shouted something out but we didn't hear them. Completely without shame we all peed in fields in front of some poor farmer's house - I didn't even bother with bushes this time, just relying on the dark to keep me somewhat concealed. When we got up and headed around the corner, lo and behold, there was a water and loo stop! we were quite amused that we'd decided to pee just around the corner from it - the other team was probably trying to tell us to go on to the water stop rather than break where we were. Oh well.

We were quite disheartened by the sign at the water stop saying we still had 6.25 miles to go - it felt like we'd already walked much farther than that!! There wasn't much to do but trudge on. A muscle beside my right knee had gotten so sore every single step was hurting. The constant jarring impact on my feet and knees was really really making all my joints hurt terribly. My back and hips were ok, which was better than some, but I was beginning to get miserable. There's simply no way to describe the despair I was sinking in to. I knew I was thinking myself into a deep dark hole, but the dark and the pain just got to me. I was making loads of miserable faces in the dark and gasping at the more painful steps. I was using the walking poles even on easy terrain, just to try and get more support. And then when we got to a sign that said 3 miles to go.... I started quietly crying. It seemed like so much more than three miles! Every single mile on this stage felt so much longer than it was. It was about 2 AM at this point and it had been dark for hours. 

We missed some quite beautiful scenery in the darkness, and evidently some quite steep drops. It was really weird to be walking along the track and suddenly look left and realise it was a dangerous mountainside we were walking on! in the dark you can't see anything but the light in front of you, and if you don't shine it to the side you simply won't know what's there. 

Anyway, back to my misery. Somewhere after the 3 miles sign I raised my voice and told everyone I was going to give up at the next checkpoint. I thought we were close to it at the time... but those extra long miles fooled me again. I whimpered every time we had another sign... one saying 2.5 miles, the next saying 2 miles, and another at 1 mile. I felt like a horrible utter failure, I knew I was being irrational,  but I couldn't control myself. I was an utter mess of aches, fatigue, and emotions. 

When I got into the 4th Checkpoint, finally, Meriel and Darren were waiting to greet us with "yay"s and claps and photos but I spoiled their greetings by crying lots and being gently escorted to the van to rest. I couldn't sleep or eat. I got given some chili, but barely touched it. I sort of tried to doze but it just wasn't happening. John and Andrew followed my example and resigned, but Jeff was determined to continue on. All of us went to the massage tent and got massaged - it helped a lot!!! I'm really really grateful to both of the people who did my massages. The poor physios and massage people were taking stinky sweaty hairy people and giving them excellent care. And they did it for hours and hours. They all deserve their own gold medals.

Jeff found a team to buddy up with and headed back out. In between the time when we'd arrived at the checkpoint and the time we left, the sun had risen - this was quite good for Jeff, since his head light had become so weak it might as well not have been on! I finally did fall asleep when we stopped the car at checkpoint 5 to wait the last 4 hours or so until Jeff made it to the end. It was a halting I'm-in-pain kind of sleep, but it was sleep. And when Jeff was done, in 23 hours 55 minutes, havingrun to the finish line to make it in time, (as I said, a hero!!!!) we had photographs, and the others had a "hearty breakfast" I didn't have any desire to eat food yet, so I slept some more in the van. It was only a full scottish breakfast anyway so it's probably good I slept - bacon and haggis? naaaaaaaahhhh....

I prettymuch slept all day  yesterday, and all night, pausing for a couple of hours of wakefulness when I waited for the water to heat and then had a bath. (Ulrica caught me online at this point and I disappeared on her when it was bath time - I'm sorry about that. I was just well... antisocial and tired at the time.)

I