---
ID: 170
post_title: 'Day 0: Arrival'
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-08-25 14:54:37
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2008/08/25/day-0-arrival/
published: true
---
Sunday 17th August - This is Day 0 since it's only a half day really, and we didn't start the course until the Monday. We'd decided to take both of our bikes, and had reserved spaces for them on the train services that required reservations. Bizzarely, you HAD to reserve seats if you reserved bike spaces - but the seats we were given were generally in coach D or E, and the bikes were carried on coach P. All of our train journeys were 25 minutes or less, so we basically had to ignore the seat reservations and stand about in the first class coach entryways - several first class coaches were between the standard class coaches and the bike coaches - because if we actually sought out our seats all the way down the other end of a LONG train we'd probably reach them just in time to have to head back to coach P to <em>collect</em> the bikes again. 

The journey was three legs - longer than is really needed to York but all that seemed to be available on Sunday. Worksop to Retford was just a local service we take all the time, then we had a ten minute hop from Retford to Doncaster, and last of all another quick ride to York. The lady who let our bikes in to the storage coach at Doncaster had a little bit of a fit at us for not informing the local train station staff "well in avance" about the bikes. Darren and I both kind of wondered what the point of reservations were if not to inform the train staff in advance that we intend to take bikes on the train...? We're crazy types though. I hope the lady in question was just having a bad day that day, cos if she's always like that she's truly shite at the whole "customer service" concept. 

Once we got to York we found out that the maps we had been provided with as part of the welcome pack were actually quite rubbish and lacking in detail. This is the sort of annoying thing you can't know in advance - you see a map and think "good, a map, I won't need to print one". You don't generally think "What if they sent me a useless map that doesn't show all of the streets we might need to take, only main throughfares?" Consequently we had a bit of fun (not) finding our way to where we needed to be. It was suckier than just navigation difficulties, since we were walking the bikes - Darren had a laptop bag and a large backpack and didn't want to risk jostling the laptop and coldnt really bike loaded down with everything anyway. I'm more of a "pack light" person so I just had the backpack I normally use for work and for walking / cycling / purtymuch everything. We were right about to pull into the back of a pub carpark to try and use my Eee to establish where we needed to go when we realised we were back on a street that was on the map again. We were probably walking for a couple of hours all in all, which I did NOT find fun because the cursed recurrent injury to the side of my knee was remind me that it wasn't happy about the walking. I need to get a doctor's appointment, really, again :(((((. I've been having this problem for over half a year and I'm at the point where I daren't go on fun walks in case it decides to cause me grief again. Even running short distances on soft mats - as at martial arts - sometimes causes it to ache. The plan for this wednesday, logicially, is to bike rather than walk. I can't even remember the last good walk or bike I did - I think it was probably before Lolo and Judith came over, which is far too long ago.

When we found the university campus area we were staying at, we went to the reception, as we'd been instructed. The guard guy at reception told us that everyone had cleared off to the pub and they'd left names and two keys for two people who were yet to show up. You'd think the names would be Yo and Darren... but Darren wasn't on the list, so we only got one key. This wasn't bad in itself, except that the rooms were made for single occupants with single beds, which would be squishy with two people. We'd hoped to take the bed from one room and stick it beside the bed in the other room... there was no use arguing with the guard who was only following intructions though, so we dropped our stuff off and headed down to the pub where everyone was supposed to be.

We couldn't find anyone at the pub, so we decided to sit down and eat a meal. Whilst eating we saw people come in from the back and realised we'd not checked in the beer garden for archaeologists. Duh. There were probably 20 or more of them sitting out the back, so we joined them, chatted a bit about what was going to happen, who we were and they were, laughed at <a href="http://www.bbc.co.uk/bonekickers/">Bonekickers</a>, etc....

The <a href="http://www.jorvik-viking-centre.co.uk/hungate/training/placements.htm">Placements</a> were generally students who were on the dig for several weeks or even 2 or 3 months for experience, or cos they wanted to, or whatever... they were the ones who spent the most time with us training us a,d showing us what to do, where to dig, etc. They were also responsible for generally keeping the accomodation rooms ready for new trainees. A couple of them promised to sort out the fact that we only had one room and not two, so when we went back to the accomodation we went to the reception again, and the Placements convinced reception to give up another key. 

When we got to the door of the accomodation neither of the two keys that we'd been given would open the door. They were the magnetic card type, so we took them back to reception and got them reprogrammed. This got us in the building, and I went to the door of the second room we'd been given, opened the door.... and quite scared two people who were watching tv in there. Oops. We apoogised and then left them alone to their business. 

Rather than go to reception a 4th time that night, we decided to sleep in the single bed.... and that's the end of Day 0.