---
ID: 134
post_title: Short but sweet
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-07-25 21:38:36
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
Lolo and Judith have been and gone now - they got most of the time they were here summed up on their <a href="http://laurence-judith.thegeekcartel.com/blog/">trip blog</a>. Thursday morning, we got up early (before 9! *lol*) and then got the train to Meadowhall Interchange where we waited about quite bored for a while and then eventually had to say hurried goodbyes because the busdriver was grumpy and seemed to be in a rush. The problem with having friends visit is that you have to say goodbye, which is pretty sucky. But as Lolo said, we'll need to make sure it's not five whole years (!!!!) before we see each other again this time... I think we need to visit Montreal at some point. They described SO much wacky food... and apparently they really do put maple syrup on everything!!!! They taught us the art of putting sickly amounts of sugar and maple syrup on crepes, and described poutine and crazy sugar shack ham and eggs and bacon all covered in maple syrup. Crazy frenchies *g*. 

Since I'd originally planned to get my ECA done on the days they came over (fortuitous timing, cos I wouldn't have been able to get much off at short notice) I had intended to stay up lots of late nights to finish the bugger off. I did this on Sunday night - went to bed at 1 am, which is quite late for me, and finally got to sleep at about 2. My brain was simply so.. in gear, awake, working, that I took a long time to wind down. Darren said that I spoke nonsense about servers to him in my sleep, which I can fully believe. I woke up and was thinking about Transaction Cost Analysis straight away at 6 AM (4 hours sleep!!!!). The concentration-mode that I was in didn't leave me all day, so I didn't get tired at any point throughout the day, which was good - and since I was meeting Lolo and Judith that evening, I had excitement to keep me awake and ticking after that. I didn't manage to stay up late to do work any of the subsequent nights, despite fully intending to each time, mostly because we stayed up late doing non-boring stuff instead, and starting studying at midnight would probably be a silly idea. Basically, I cut it finer than I think I ever have - leaving parts of an unfinished project to be done the very day before it was due at 12 noon. 

I know I'm kinda jumping around time here... first it was goodbye on Thursday, then it was Sunday, then Monday, but now we're back to Thursday again... Once Lolo and Judith boarded their Megabus, I wandered over to <a href="http://www.meadowhall.co.uk/website/">Meadowhall</a> to get some presents for Darren's Birthday. I had the main present, a week's dig for the two of us at <a href="http://www.jorvik-viking-centre.co.uk/hungate/training/arch-live1.htm">Dig! Hungate</a>, but I wanted to get some small things that he could open on the day. I settled on a leather thong necklace with a green stone in it (he used to have a similar one and they always look so sexy on guys!), two Magic: The Gathering booster packs, and four different bags of flavoured coffee from <a href="http://www.boaters.co.uk/">Boaters</a>. 

When I got back home, I had to take my aunt's dressmaking dummy to the post office to post it to Israel, cos buying it in the UK, posting it to my address, and then paying me back for the postage is cheaper than buying it in Israel or buying it in the UK and shipping directly to Israel with no Yochannahs involved. I also had a missed delivery to collect from the same post office, so I trundled off to do those. When I got home for a second time, I realised that although it was now 3 pm and I REALLY needed to get to work, my stomach was rumbling and I'd probably be smarter to humour it. So eventually I finally did get to work, with less than 24 hours to go. 

Luckily, I was in my element that afternoon. By 11ish I had completed my final version, all referenced up with pretty diagrams and calculations and attachments. I'm a bit awestruck / lost now. For 2 years or more I had this long-term (or so it seemed) vision that was quite clear: complete the OU's <a href="http://www3.open.ac.uk/courses/bin/p12.dll?Q02C39">Web Application Development</a> courses. They were sequential so I didn't really even have to think about which one to choose next. I've submitted my End of Course Assignment for the last one now. What to choose now!? Should I steer towards a <a href="http://www3.open.ac.uk/courses/bin/p12.dll?Q01B29">BSc (Honours) Computing</a>? <a href="http://www3.open.ac.uk/courses/bin/p12.dll?Q01B13">BSc (Honours) Information Technology and Computing</a>? I'd originally thought I might go for a <a href="http://www3.open.ac.uk/courses/bin/p12.dll?Q01B20">BSc (Honours) Technology </a>, nabbing a Diploma in IT on the way... but I only chose that because it was an IT-related subject that didn't include a mandatory Maths course, which I really didn't want to do. But since then the OU has changed the curriculum and I can do the Computing degrees without having to do a maths class. And then, even once I've decided which degree I want to pursue, which class should I do first? I think I've foiled the evil choice monster for at least once or two courses more, since both Computing and IT & Computing require several of the same courses, which I can take first. They might even help give me an idea of which way I want to steer it.... or I might say "I hate Java"... which is the main focus of Computing, it seems. So for now it's wait and see, whilst floating purposelessly in a sea of indecision. 

Bonus: Any course I do choose won't start until September at the earliest. I have a month off. Yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!