---
ID: 127
post_title: prezzies!
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-06-28 10:49:15
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
I am so so greedy. I'm looking forward to getting birthday presents tomorrow *g*. 

Last night I went to the cinema to watch <a href="http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0493464/">Wanted</a>. The trailer looked a lot cooler than it actually was, I think. There were some amusing jokes, a lot of shooting and unlikely action scenes, and some incredibly nifty looking weapons and bullets. The plot was sorely obvious in several places, but all in all it was kinda fun, for the weird ideas and action scenes, a tleast. It reminded me vaguely of The Matrix (the last two films were eugh, but the first was nice enough), and of Aeon Flux (totally blah). 

Work has been a bit annoying, but not in any serious or long term way. I've been dealing with some of the Executives who've logged PC faults at work recently a few of them have been really winding me up. I don't understand why they seemingly are exempt from the need to be polite. Or just sensible.... I had a call I dealt with yesterday where I ended up so angry I really really really needed to go and sit down with a coffee on my own for half an hour, but it was just too busy to do so. Thankfully it wasn't too long before lunch time so I did manage to get into a normal mood by the afternoon. 

A random scenario (not related to the person who got me stressed above):

Your colour printer has yellow streaks across the page when you print. This has only happened since you last changed the yellow toner. Your toners are unreliable at best since they are recycled. Do you a) change the toner again as clearly it's a faulty leaking toner, or b) refuse to change the toner and unequivocally demand an engineer to investigate the issue, even though the helpdesk (who probably know more about printers than you do) points out that logically the toner is at fault? 

Who needs logic, anyway... 

It's been quite rainy the last few days. I know I'm not the only person who's remembered that it was almost exactly a year ago that we had all the flooding. The liklihood of anything reoccuring is probably quite low but it still lurks somewhere in your head...*l* lovely british summertime, eh?