---
ID: 115
post_title: Woohoo!!!
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-03-17 22:06:00
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
So while the pain I'd been having near my left knee have prettymuch gone away finally, I've injured my left ankle now. NO idea how. I walked to and from work (not all the way, just from the train station, the distance I normally bike) one day last week, about  3.7 miles each way. I've walked more than 7 miles many many times without injury. Afterwards, I was a little bit sore on the back left bit of my foot / heel / ankle area (maybe even something to do with my achilles tendon?) but it wasn't serious, nothing I'd normally worry about. I walked to work the next day as well. after arriving at work my foot was a wee bit sorer, but still not enough to concern me. Then, when I left work to walk to the way back to the station, after a few steps I noticed I WAS sore and thought "I don't know if I can do this". I glanced around at the empty carpark - there was almost no one at work that day, and the only person I actually KNEW who had a car was on shift, and no one else could have covered for him. Tough, then. I put the pain away on the "shelf of annoying things to be ignored for now". After not long at all it didn't seem to matter at all. I walked at a niceish pace, not too fast, not too slow. I had my GPS with me to monitor my pace and route. When the train came I settled down in a seat happily, my foot forgotten.

The real pain came when I got off the train - I guess it started to swell a bit when I stopped walking on it. The walk home is about 4 minutes, but I stopped off at the supermarket on the way to get some food. Not long after I got home I pretty much gave up walking for the evening. Cursed thing!!! Today I biked to work again. At work I wear some highish heeled shoes that somehow hold my foot in a less painful position, so I almost thought it was better until I put my bike shoes back on to go home and realised that normal flat soled shoes seem to force my feet into the painful position. And my foot was as painful as ever. So no martial arts tomorrow, or even thursday.... *sad* I feel like I'm being lazy or something... then I remember my feet are precious to me. 

Which brings me to.... why "Woohoo!!!"? Why so much walking? Why are my feet precious? (Apart from the obvious reasons like "I love walking in general")

The answer is.... (and yes some of you already know) I'm going on the <a href="http://www.caledonianchallenge.com/">RBS Caledonian challenge</a>!!! What is this beast, you ask? Well, it's a lot of walking. 54 miles of walking, in 24 hours. Fujitsu Siemens is sponsoring a team (partially, at least). I'm officially part of that corporate team, as of today. Yay!!!!!! yay!!!! yay!!!!! I love a good challenge. A fitness challenge, giving me an excuse to do one of the things I love most, is right down my alley. (I wonder where that alley saying comes from? Is it sleazy?) Ditching my bike and walking to / from work is an EASY way to form the basis of my training. I may just walk to work one day (16 miles) although probably not a work day - just for the heck of it, and to learn about all the footpaths on the way. I need to do a LOT of training to prepare for this. It's supposed to be so strenuous there're 5 different "checkpoints" where you stop and get fed by your support team and change socks and get any gear you need and refill your water and stuff. Apparently 80-90% of people who register finish within 24 hours. 

FSC will pay for our registration fees, possibly some team kit, and travel / accomodation for the event. I'll still need to purchase more kit myself. I'm thinking a pair or three of walking trousers, a lot more walking socks, a headlamp for the night walking portion, walking poles, gaiters maybe? Also some first aid kit which I really should be carrying already, so on.... My walking shoes seeeeeeem to still be good, assuming they weren't the cause of the injury or something silly. My feet are accustomed to them and have calluses in all the right places, so I'd rather not got for a new pair necessarily. I have a great jacket that's breathable, windproof, and rainproof. I have two "camelbak" style drink thingies (one for water, one for an isotonic sports drink like lucozade). 

The biggest concern before the event for me will be raising the amount I need to give to charity - £500. I'll be able to sponsor a dress down day at work - basically days where everyone pays a pound or so to charity, in exchange for not having to wear business casual / smart casual clothes. Instead of everyone wearing shirts and trousers we just all wear jeans, so it's exchanging one kind of uniform for another really *L* Most of the time those days help raise about £100 - £150. so that'll be a help but hardly all of it. Propaganda time!! Did you know that the average sponsorship amount for the London marathon is £1 / mile? even half or a quarter of that amount per mile would help *g*. I'll be wandering around and rattling my tin under everyone's noses. Money Money Money. 

So you can see why I might need my feet to be working. NOW is the time to be training, not lazing about. Yeeeeeee-hah!