---
ID: 122
post_title: 'Workin&#8217;'
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-05-28 18:00:53
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
(I typed this mon 26 may but forgot to post...)

 It's a bank holiday so about the quietest it gets at work. I'm slightly peeved at the train service today. I volunteered for the overtime a few weeks ago, and as I always do, I checked the train timetable before volunteering to make sure that the trains were running, which they were.... at the time. Then, on Friday evening I happened to look at the train noticeboard and I discovered that trains were cancelled on sat, sun and mon. There was a replacement bus, but as usual it didn't go to Darnall or Woodhouse stations, which are the only two close enough to work for me to get off at. The first replacement bus arrived at sheffield station at 0755 - but I'd need to catch another bus to work after that, because sheffield station is a lot further away, and I'd have no chance of being on time for an 0800 shift. *lol*.  So I did my normal thing and cycled in over the weekend. 

Owwwwwie. I learned that you can't just quite biking for two months to train for a walking event and not expect repercussions. I'm so saddle sore!! and I still have to bike home later today. *lol* My cycle muscles and cycle toughness has atrophied. Mostly, I'm sore on the flesh that goes between saddle and pelvis, if that makes sense. Basically where all my weight was resting whilst sitting on the saddle. But it's okay, mostly a laughing point really (except when I'm actually biking, and then it's a bit more like a frowning point). 

Talking about bikes... I've ordered a <a href="http://www.brompton.co.uk/content.asp?p=2&l=1">Brompton</a>!!!! I've wanted one for ages and ages and ages... well a couple of years really I guess, which isn't that long in the scheme of things. When I bought my previous foldy (which is heavy and evil but was still waaay better than nothing) I really had wanted a brompton but didn't want to spend the money required. This year, though, I signed up for the <a href="http://www.cyclescheme.co.uk/">Cycle Scheme</a> which allows one to get a tax-free bike through work. I've been lazy about ordering the bike recently since I've been walking to work from the train station instead, but I finally got off my butt and went to a store in sheffield and ordered it. It'll be about 6 weeks (well, nearly 5, cos I ordered it on Wednesday) before it comes. More specifically, I got the P-type, which has a double handlebar setup so you can be more upright for when you're biking in traffic and in town, or use the lower more aerodynamic ones when you want to get down out of the wind and <em>cycle</em>. I got the black/black version, cos, well... why spend extra money on a bike just for its colour? It's got a rear rack (handy for the future when I will get some panniers) and the vitesse saddle, which is a gel saddle rather than the generic foam type - after all, you just heard me whine about saddlesoreness! Dynamo lighting will be pre-installed, so no more messing about recharging batteries all the ****ing time. Lighting has always been a big pain for me, with previous lights running out too fast, having weird nonconventional EXPENSIVE camera batteries, getting ruined in the wet (bike lights should be waterproof ... surely?) or just plain falling off the bike in busy traffic where there's no chance of me retrieving it. I hope these ones will solve my problems. I've also gotten kevlar tyres, cos I work right beside a steelworks (Outukumpu - I was going to link to their site but it's an incredibly boring corporate site, so I shan't do so) and there is always a lot of rubbishy little bits of steel lying about in the street. I've heard quite a few people complain about them getting rusty steel crap lodged in their tyres. A lot of it is like confetti in appearance, only harder and sharper.

I would have <em>liked</em> to get pannier bags, a bike carry-bag (one to put the bike IN when it's folded), and titanium parts. The first two I probably will get at a later date, the latter I won't, cos I'll already have the bike, and also because getting the frame made of titanium is an extra £400. And I've already spent a silly amount on this bike.  

Hrrm what else? I did the practice walk last weekend, which was luuuurbly, and tiring, but not prohibitively so. Meaning I feel really confident I can do the main walk. I still imagine the worst bit will be at about 3 or 4 am when I've been walking since 9 am the previous morning and I'm stuggling not only with fatigure born of physical exercise, but fatigue just cos I should be asleep by now. I can't even remember the last time I was up at 3 am. Probably the latest time I was up in the recent past was one of the times when we visited shaun and ulrica or vice versa, and that can't have been later than 1 or 2. I function soooooooo much better when I have regular sleep patterns. That can also be annoying cos sometimes I wake up at 6 am even when I don't need to, just cos da body clock say so. 

---(momentary break as I had to call a guy who had a hard drive so broken I could hear it clicking loudly over the phone. He's sorted now.....)---

On the practice walk we did 21 miles in 7 hours 40 minutes, which is my best time yet. I practiced with my walking sticks, and managed not to get blisters this time, by relying more on the webbing straps and less on the grips themselves. I seem to get more back ache with the poles, but the nordic walking style definitely takes a lot of strain off your hips and knees if you do it properly. I don't think it matters for short walks (anything up to about 10 miles) but on longer walks it does seen to make a real difference to the amount of pain suffered. No photographs - I'm looking forward to getting back to more casual walking, which allows time for photos and detours, rather than heavy duty cover-the-miles walking. I'm also looking forward to getting back into cycling. At the same time, I don't want to lose the LOVELY amount of fitness and endurance I've obtained for longer distance walking. I'd love to do something like the <a href="http://www.nationaltrail.co.uk/pennineway/text.asp?PageId=4">Pennine Way</a>. Ideally, though, I'd like to do that with my beloved other half - and he's not had the training I've been doing!! *L*  Then again, that site says "plan a few weekend hikes beforehand" in its training description *lol* which sounds minimal to me.