---
ID: 141
post_title: Last night really sucked
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-07-30 21:18:22
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2008/07/30/last-night-really-sucked/
published: true
---
Went to martial arts class as planned. The warm up was pretty hard, but NOT as hard as plenty of other times. We lay out a large area of mats on the gym floor and normally run around them for 20 minutes or so. (I think 20 minutes.... I don't know because I don't have a timepiece to refer to...) I normally count the laps as a way to pass the time. On the laxest days, Sensei makes us do about 40 laps. On the worst days he's made us do more than 100. He normally varies the pace and running style - sometimes it's a jog, sometimes a sprint, sometimes sideways or backwards looking over your shoulder. 

Yesterday we were sprinting the long side of the mat and jogging the short side. The sprints took it out of me a lot more than I'd realised. I knew I was miserable from running hard, but being miserable is ok sometimes. Eventually Sensei yelled out "if anyone's tired raise your hand" about three times and I realised my breathing was so wheezy and laboured that he was probably intending for me to raise my hand. Normally when he says that I ignore it, assuming he's making fun of us. (Cos he loves to make fun of us too! *lol* He loves the sentence "If you do (xxx painfully incorrect maneuver) Sensei Rob will laugh at you")

When raised my hand and left the mat I realise my wheezing was so bad I couldn't draw a long enough breath in to take my inhaler properly. This was quite scary -something that possibly helped aggravate my asthma even further. I sort of managed a couple of half-puffs, which slooooooooowly calmed my hurried wheezy whistling breathing down enough that I could take a full puff - which made me ok almost immediately. 

Aside - I just spent ages checking that I was walking sense at <a href="http://www.asthma.org.uk">Asthma UK</a>. Prettymuch the only trigger I was unaware of was a hot humid day! I knew temperature was significant, but I thought only cold triggered attacks. I hardly thought yesterday was hot but perhaps my body is more adjusted to the uk idea of what "heat" means than my mind is...... although the regions I frequented in Israel, when I was asthma-free, were all quite dry-aired and not humid. So maybe it was the humidity+exercise that triggered it? Who knows.

The wife of one of the guys who goes to classdecided to come over to help me. She nermally watches from the benches on the side. She was intending to help in the kindest and most well meant of ways, but really, really, really did NOT help. *sad*. First of all, she was trying to force me to breathe to some pattern in her head - even when I'd just taken my inhaler. I knew bloody well I was supposed to hold my breath for a wee bit, but she was trying to force me to breathe it out straight away. My protestations that <em>I</em> was the lifelong asthmatic didn't seem to hold much water. I would have gone straight back to class once my breathing had calmed if it had been my choice, but she wouldn't let me. She kept on taking my pulse and telling me it was racing. This isn't surprising considering this is a <a href="http://medguides.medicines.org.uk/document.aspx?name=Salbutamol&preparation=18&use=Asthma&section=sideEffects">side effect</a> of the medication I'd just taken.... (I'm soooooooo wary of reading about medical stuff online and taking it as true, but that was linked directly from <a href="http://www.nhsdirect.nhs.uk/articles/article.aspx?articleId=36">NHS direct</a>....)

She actually held me back physically the first time I tried to return to class. Later, when I thought maybe she'd let me (maybe.....) I couldn't really go back because I'd missed out on a lot of essential stretches, and I didn't want to top off a sucky sucky warm-up by pulling a muscle later on. There WAS a tiny voice inside the back of my brain that suggested that maybe working out straight away after an asthma attack wasn't a bright idea..... but then I'd remember that there have been a few other times in the past where, let's say, I'd just been cycling up a huge and evil hill, I'd had to medicate myself when my breathing got wicked, and I'd then gone on as normal doing my fun outdoor activity without any further problems. 

Since I missed out on all the fun beating-each-other-up stuff, I felt really miserable for the rest of the lesson. Caz, the well meaning lady who was trying to help me, sat right beside me and held my hand for ages. I was quickly reminded of the fact that I can be really touchy about my personal space. Ask my family - I've never, ever liked hugs. Ever. The fact that I can hug friends hello / goodbye when we meet up is a big step compared to how my childhood self behaved. Strangers touching me without need is really, really unwelcome. I've been nearly on the point of tears when pushed up in a tight crowd all trying to get on the bus first before. (And that was in Israel where people touching other people can be a really big thing, cos there are Boy people and Girl people, and the twain shall never meet except in marriage. What's the deal?)

If Caz'd been able to read my body language better I'm sure she would have realised I was A) pissed off at missing class and B) uncomfortable that she was sitting so close and being so familiar. Fortunately for my sometimes overly polite and easy to push self (it really depends on the context cos I know I'll be the complete opposite sometimes) she misinterpreted my body language as embarrassment (*lol* why would I be embarrassed about a long term and reasonably well known physical condition?) and general feeling-ill-ness. I had to suppress the terribly strong urge to let my knee go boingboingboing in place. It wasn't easy cos it kept on sneaking back when I wasn't thinking about it. 

All that said about personal space, I don't mind touching with friends, or even with strangers or lesser acquaintances, if it's appropriate. So perhaps sprawling on a couch and touching a friend might be fine, or first aid lessons with someone I don't know - or martial arts - there are many perfectly good reasons to touch people that won't bother me. I wouldn't shrink away from a nurse with a needle (possibly the needle, but not the nurse! *l*) or a physiotherapist who wanted to look at a sore limb. It's just snuggles with someone I met about 5 minutes ago that kinda puts me off... 

Caz talked a lot too, which I really didn't like - it's disrespectful towards Sensei and the class in general. I'd have liked to at least observe the class and take in the moves we were taught even if I couldn't participate, but most of the time I couldn't get the concentration needed, since there was a voice in my ear... and their youngest child was trying to occupy himself as well. He wasn't particularly naughty - I'd have been about the same as him if I wasn't allowed to participate (and hadn't had someone attached to my arm keeping me on my seat of course). He wandered about a bit and fiddled with the benches and went for drinks. It's probably really hard form him to watch loads of people working out and having fun and yet not want to participate. 

I tried to answer Caz's questions as quietly as possible, so I would cause minimal disturbance to the class. She told me at one point that it was good she was helping me because she was a First Aider. I forbore from telling her I was trained in First Aid as well. I really didn't want the general chitchat. 

The most frustrating thing? She wanted to help. She really meant well. Truly. But if I ever have another problem like that and I get held back from the mats and rejoining class, I don't know how I shall cope.

Disclaimer: My asthma is well under control. I take preventative medication regularly. I get at least half an hour of cardio 5 times a week as well as all my random excursions, martial arts class, transport, and leisure activities, without any problems. I do not wheeze or need my reliever inhaler regularly. So I shall not run out to my doctor because of a random one-off attack. I've not had an attack like that in over a decade. If does repeat, I will see someone as soon as possible.

I'm terribly, terribly glad that most of the time I'm healthy and don't suffer because of my asthma. I know some people's lives are severely restricted by theirs.