---
ID: 132
post_title: Thursday
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-07-12 14:21:59
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
On Thursday I got my Brompton. I'd enquired on monday or tuesday, and the store had told me it was due to arrive on Jul 31st, so I was pleasantly surprised when Darren texted me to tell me that the Bike store had called him to inform us it would be ready by 3pm on Wednesday. The day's events on wednesday meant that I finished my walk late enough I couldn't pick it up, but thursday AM I went into town, strolled (carefully, still with a sore leg) along to the cycle store, and picked it up. It's a different fold style from my old bike, and the lady at the store tried to show me but it took her quite a long time to remember herself *l*. Eventually she got it, and then we wrestled with it ang got it unfolded again, so I could ride it away. 

It got quite a few amused glances at the train station while I was waiting for the next train back to Worksop. I've seen quite a few Bromptons at the train station. Considering that the primary use for folding bikes is probably at a train station, I'm surprised people found it such a marvel. I folded it up to take on the train, more for practice than anything. There were no other bikes on the train, so it would have been fine left in its unfolded formation in the bike area. I tried to unfold it just before we got to the Worksop train station but it took me so long to figure out I had to put it back the way it was and try again after I'd gotten off the train. I'll get used to it eventually.... *l*

Logically, I needed to take the bike on a reasonable-length test run after I'd gotten it, so I changed out of my normal person clothes and into my lycra. It then started to rain. I've noticed a theme over the last few days - if I go out, it gets cloudier. This is The Rule. I decided to cycle to Dinnington and visit Darren at work. He's the only person in the store so as long as there weren't any customers there was unlikely to be any problem. The route to Dinnington was well signposted, and I know the area well enough from my driving lessons, so I found Dinnington pretty easily, and his work a little while after, though I did cycle about Dinnington aimlessly for about 10 minutes. 

Some young men in Dinnington decided to ask me if they could give my weird bike a try. Silly people. I laughed at them and cycled away, and they didn't come and try to beat me up or anything. 

I only stayed at Darren's work for a few minutes while he showed me about. They have a reallllly nasty cellar there btw. Eughhh. It was dry while he showed me about but started raining again I as left. A second pair of shoes got utterly soaked on this journey. The ride home was looooads asier than the ride there had been - it had been mostly uphill on the way there, and I reckon about 80% of the way home I didn't even need to pedal. I almost envy Darren's work location, because it would allow him to get such a lovely bikeride - country not city and grey traffic - on a regular basis, if he wanted to. I was realllly surprised to find that <a href="http://trail.motionbased.com/trail/activity/6210242">there and back</a> was 13 miles, because it seemed way easier than that. 

I now have two pairs of utterly soaked shoes that are both STILL working away drying out at home. If it rains on me on the way home from work today, I will have no sporty shoes available to wear, only girl ones. Panic!!!!!! Surely trainers/sneakers, cycles shoes, and hiking shoes should be enough for any person. My girl shoes don't even count and barely ever get worn. Blarg. 

Thursday evening I spoke to mum quickly, because I'd heard my brother was admitted to hospital with bad stomach pains. It turned out to be only food poisoning and not appendicitis, but while we were chatting she got me a lot more concerned about the cut on my finger. I'd intended, in a leisurely fashion, to get an appointment for a tetanus shot, since I knew the last one I'd had was about 9-10 years ago. Mum said I should get to the clinic and see someone ASAP, within 72 hours of having cut myself. I was good and contacted the clinic the next morning and got an appointment with the nurse. 

In the waiting room, the nurse came looking for me but was too scared to say my name. That happens less than I would expect. Normally people are happy to give it a try and they'll come out with something garbled that starts with a "Y". This lady went straight to the african guy sitting right beside me and asked if he wanted to come along with her - was it him with the poorly finger? She seemed quite confused when she found out that it was the boring little girl of european descent who had the weird name. I had a bit of a giggle inside my head at her, cos I could.  

She also had problems believing me when I told her that my last tetanus vaccination wouldn't be on her medical records, AND that I wouldn't have necessarily had it at the same age as a normal British person would have. She seriously seemed to think that people outside the UK had the same vaccination schedules as they do in the UK. Eventually I convinced her that I knew when I'd last had it, and she didn't. So now my left arm hurts a bit. She thought my finger was fine - the cut is embarrasingly tiny - so now I am settled and happy that I won't have to have my teeth knocked out to drink through a straw for the rest of my life. Stupid barbed wire.