---
ID: 207
post_title: ""
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-10-02 21:15:50
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2008/10/02/207/
published: true
---
I was about ready to bawl this morning at the thought of not being able to set out on my bikeride. (Instead I only sniffled). I clambered along miserably to the nearest bike store, where they said "er, we don't stock parts for Carreras" but checked their stock of bits anyway and discovered that one would fit my bike anyway. by the time i left it was 10 o clock - not too bad, but i would have preferred to leave at about 730, as soon as there was decent light. you can't win em all, i guess. 

backtracking a bit... last night was shit. i was the only person in a 16 bed hostel, and no one was answering either of the phone numbers so i couldn't rent a sleeping bag like planned. i slept in every single item of clothing i had - 4 tops, a cycling jersey, my raincoat, my cycling shorts, cycling trousers, 3 pairs of socks, fingerless gloves and full gloves over them, and walking trousers. i was still waay to cold so i ended up using a camp bed thin mattress as a bedcovering. ugh.

once my bike was fixed everything went pretty smoothly. there are a lot of other c2cers out there for occasional companionship and camaraderie, and I'm not too sore. It DID rain from about 3 til about 5 30 without rest, as well as several bouts of hail. even so, i managed to get a sunburn somehow..... all my stuff is spread out on the radiator to dry now. and i'm in bed... so now it's sleeptime. Hardest day tomorrow I think... there are lots of ups and downs. therefore a lot of walking? maybe.... i'll blog again tomorrow evening as long as i have signal!!!