---
ID: 99
post_title: I bikededed
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-01-02 19:47:57
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
I did the planned run from New Mills to Hayfield and back. Forgot my bikelock so I couldn't do any walking really, which was a bit poopy. I also downloaded the location of a <a href="http://www.geocaching.com/">Geocache</a> to try and find, which I didn't manage to. Basically, they're small caches of stuff hidden away and known about only by the <span style="text-decoration:line-through">wizarding</span> GPS world. They contain a log book and.... Stuff. Apparently non geocachers are actually known as muggles *l* which is incredibly amusing. You download the coordinates onto your GPS device to locate it. If you're sensible (like I wasn't this first try) you also print the hints and spoiler photos or load them onto a mobile device (I shall stick it on my phone next time. There are loads in Worksop area so I may find some properly soon). If / when you find the cache, you write something in the logbook, and if you like you take something out and put something else back in. What somethings? I don't know yet, but I get the impression it could be almost anything. There are also little trackable thingies that you're supposed to register if they get moved so their progress can be tracked.... I get the impression somethings have "missions" to go to various locations with just the help of random geocachers. And obviously they're supposed to be hidden well enough that bypassers won't find them by accident. I'm looking forward to actually finding one. 

I had some fun (not) climbing up a little bank/cliff looking for the cache I wanted to find, gripping into a rotten branch, having it crack, and falling/sliding a couple of meters back down to the bottom. I knew the tree was rotten, but I thought that the branch I as gripping was thick enough it'd still hold me. So silly I am. After that I gave up straight away and hopped on my bike cos I felt icky from the adrenaline.  I finished the whole thing and got back to the train station in New Mills at around 10:30, which was disappointing. While I'd left early so I could get home early, that was really too quick *l* I got home quite a bit later due to the train schedule - the 11:12 train arrived in Sheffield about 12:00 and the next train from Sheffield didn't get me home until 13:15ish. I don't mind sitting in trains, but stations are annoying when they're cold. I got a coffee in Sheffield primarily to stop my hands from shaking *l*.

I've just re-remembered the dream this morning..... I dreamed that the cat had such bad fleas that she had scratched off half her fur in one night! I felt really horrible and was quite glad to wake up and find that I hadn't been horrible and neglectful after all. She's such a lovely beast.