---
ID: 148
post_title: Zoiks!
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-08-09 14:05:48
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
dsq_thread_id:
  - "1471066056"
---
I just noticed that the title image is taking ages to load.... waaaaay too big at 150k. I must make it smaller and remove that black spot on it. 

I like the word zoiks. It makes me think of scooby doo. Urban dictionary's entry for <a href="http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Zoiks">Zoiks</a> seems to indicate that others think the same thing *lol*. 

Sooooooooo..... stuff. A few days since my last update. Been less busy than last week but also a bit unmotivated and tired for no real reason... we went to Sheffield city centre with Darren on Wednesday to do some windowshopping for tents and some real shopping for bras. I got a sports bra from <a href="http://www.decathlon.co.uk/EN/">Decathlon</a> but I didn't dare go into any shops for normal girly bras (yeah I know by definition all bras are for female people, but I mean the sort that have lace, or are pink, or things like that...) because school is out and town is PACKED with young people. Blech blech blech. We hates people. 

The tent shopping was fun. We went into town specifically looking for a lrgish tent - 3-4 people - so that we'd have loads of room to store luggage and relax when we camp sometimes. The idea was that if we were using that tent we'd rent a car. We were at the store looking about when suddenly it clicked that with a car we don't actually need loads of room to dump the luggage - cos we'd have the car. So after a bit of thinking we decided to go for the other type of tent we (well, I, certainly) wanted: an ultralight one. The <a href="http://www.gooutdoors.co.uk/5023518596389">Vango Banshee 200</a> is a lovely tiny one that weighs only 2 kilos and is VERY compact when in its bag. I get happy thoughts just thinking about it, because I'm still dreaming of doing the Pennine way. I don't know if I'll be able to do it next year after all if my family come to visit as planned and we go to cornwall like my parents in law want. I'll need to use holiday time for both of those and for my OU stuff, as well as.... y'know, leisure?

I don't particularly want to go to Cornwall, but I said yes anyway. Last time we went it was full of thousands of identical fishing villages selling knicknacks and too many pubs. They say to us "this time you can take the car and we'll go do our own thing"... but I don't know if that's really what I want either. I mean, the fact that I don't have to go and visit the same boring fishing villages again is good, but... I'd rather take two bikes down and do loads of stuff on my bike and using public transport. Unless they get a bike rack we'll only be able to fit my brompton and that's only one bike.... The car might come in useful at some points but mostly I'm terrified all in all the whole cornwall trip'll be a big waste of money and holidays again. I want those holidays for the pennine way and the shortest I think I could realistically do it is 13 days - I only have 26 days hol a year!! 

Would I be able to get away with offering to go down to cornwall on the train with the big bike and meet them there? A long train ride is far far nicer than a six hour car journey. 

Ooooh.... have I said yet that we're going to York? I registered months ago to go on a week long <a href="http://www.jorvik-viking-centre.co.uk/hungate/abouthungate/about1.htm">archaeology training dig</a> but I couldn't blog about it since it was Darren's birthday present *l*. Week after next we're popping onto the train with both our bikes and heading there - our accomodation is about 40 minutes walk from the dig site so bikes should make lovely transport.  I ordered the trowels we'll be using on the dig today, the traintickets arrived yesterday, the cat is booked into the kitty hotel (cattery).... I'm excited already....