---
ID: 286
post_title: Owwie
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-12-11 13:55:06
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
dsq_thread_id:
  - "859861416"
---
I don't know wtf has happened to my balance this week but I've fallen off my bike three times. In the last three years of regular biking I've only ever fallen of my bike once, discounting this week. On Tuesday, there was some phenomenal ice on the ground - I've never seen it quite so icy before, barring an ice storm in the US once. It wasn't too bad in Worksop, but when I got off the train in Sheffield I cycled for a wee way - still on station road - and decided to dismount and check my gears since they were making a clicking sound. As soon as my feet touched the ground... SWOOSH! they left the ground. There was NO traction, but I managed to steady myself on my bike. Once I'd fiddled with the gears, I got back on the bike, biked about 3 meters, and was suddenly splayed on the ground again with my bike on the ground under me. Strangely, I made it out with a slightly sore left hand but no scrapes or bruises. 

Today I had no excuse for falling off. No ice, just idiocy. I was travelling down a traffic-calmed road with lots of traffic bump thingies, where the pavement periodically juts out to make the road single lane. Despite having biked down this road countless times, I didn't notice that the pavement was coming up in front of me and didn't have time to swerve once I did notice it. I braced myself to go up onto it - this would be fine in a mountain bike or a hybrid but NOT my brompton.... so I kersplatted all over the pavement this time. 

I'm super super super glad my parents always made me wear a helmet when I was little and ingrained the requirement for one into me. The visor on the front of the helmet stopped my face from getting smashed, and my glasses (the new dorky ones with lenses and a prescription insert behind) got scratched on the front and pressed onto my face hard enough that I've got bruises just under my eyebrow and on my upper cheek under my eye. They're not too noticable now while they're purple / pink / red but they'll be beauties when they start turning dark colours. I also got bruises and cuts on my elbows and knees, but nothing too serious. I didn't even realise I was bleeding until I got to work and went into the showers. That may have been adrenaline though.