---
ID: 166
post_title: 'Schleepy&#8230;&#8230;'
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-08-16 15:11:09
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
---
I'd planned to write a nice long blog post on wednesday evening, since I was going to be in a hotel on my own with free wifi and not a lot to do. Only instead, I was tired, and hungry, and stuff like that, so I didn't. Normally I have wednesdays off, but I ended up working a 12 hour day. It was a looooong session of printer training (interesting, though!!!). In the morning when we arrived there, we waited for about an hour for the other two people who were booked in on the course, and eventually decided they weren't coming, and started with just the trainer and the two of us who had arrived. It was nice of them to warn us they weren't coming and stop us from waiting about doing nothing, y'know.... 

The morning training was on the basics of how a laser printer functions, and opening up 3 different smaller monochrome models. It gave us a good grounding on some common faults for those models, and what we might be able to do about them if we were an engineer. Unfortunately a lot less of it was relevant to my role since we can't really ask the users to get the screwdrivers out on the phone - but there was plenty of helpful and useful information nonetheless. 

Random note: It does kinda astound me how laser printers function - whoever thought to use electrostatic charges and lasers to form images and manipulate toner onto a page? Actually, after a moment's research I find out it was <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Starkweather">Gary Starkweather</a> who worked at Xerox. Kinda makes sense....

In the afternoon we worked on some bigger heavy duty printers - we started by taking one apart each, and then swapping over and putting them back together. I feel comfortable stating that putting together a printer that is nearly as tall as me when I didn't see how it got taken apart is somewhat time consuming. So when we finished we discovered that it was actually 7 in the evening. We'd not really had much of a break for lunch either. By the time we'd gotten back to the hotel, checked in, and had an evening meal, it was time for sleepy me to go to sleep... I only managed a quick phonecall to Darren at that point to say goodnight. No free wireless or swimming or relaxing in a nice hotel room reading my book that night..... 

The next day we worked on some colour printers - crazy crazy printers! Imagine a printer with a revolving carousel of different coloured toners. When I tried to change the cursed things I got the carousel jammed about three times, so I'm astounded that users can manage it without breaking the printer each time... I had so much toner over my hands at some points that the washwater came out grey, but getting my hands into the guts of these printers was loads of fun. 

We finished the second day at about 16:45, so I got home at about 18:30 after a longish drive. I prettymuch ran in the door and back out again so that we could make martial arts class. I was really disappointed to find out that thursday classes have been cancelled, and we'll only be training on tuesdays now! I have really enjoyed the last 8 or 9 months of training and I don't want to have to cut down to once a week. I can understand why they've been cancelled - so few people were turning up that Sensei Rob wasn't able to cover the cost of the room we train in. It doesn't make much sense to have to <em>pay </em>to train a load of incompetent white and yellow belts. I might have to look for a second evening class of some sort if we don't restart them after the quiet summer period when everyone's on holidays. Swimming once a week and martial arts once a week might be nice. 

Since the last few days have been busy I'm pretty tired. I managed to squeeze in nearly two whole days of overtime in though so at least the paycheque should be worth it. No relaxing tonight though - I need to put the cat in a box and take her to the cattery, and then pack, cos tomorrow we're going to York!! I'm sick too, with a cold Darren gave me *sad face* it's no fun to be sick on holiday.