---
ID: 104
post_title: No PC
author: yochannah
post_date: 2008-01-19 17:13:04
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2008/01/19/no-pc/
published: true
---
So a week or two ago my HDD failed. I finally got about to finding a windows CD and stuck it in the drive, intending to install it. I press the power button on my PC, it powers on, starts to boot, then turns back off abruptly. Try again, same thing. Stop trying - I've known my PSU was failing for a wee while, and we'd ordered a new PSU. Ten days ago, to be exact. Something else we purchased was shipped out at the same time, with the same citylink reference number, and it came on tuesday. For some reason the PSU was on the van but couldn't be found, even though the driver searched the van again for us. It arrived back at the warehouse that evening. ARGH. I reallllly want my PC, I can't do all the stuff I want! 

So quickly - since I'm going home soon - I shall mention the walk. I went to Bamford, and was going to cross the river Derwent using some stepping stones. I learned that planning a route on stepping stones is a silly idea when there are flood alerts all over the country. The river was raging and I could't even tell where the stones were supposed to be. Luckily there was a proper bridge over the river not too far away. It was only a small kink in the planned route, really. I went to the first geocache coordinate I had programmed into my GPS, and nestled under a tree, covered by some small rocks, I found it! It was a small vitamin canister with a log and a little toy gnome. Rather anticlimatic when I discovered that the log was utterly ruined, thanks to water and a not-too-tight seal on the vitamin canister. Poo. 

So I head along down the valley. Nice easy trail, used to be a train track. Crossed the river again after a wee bit and headed up the steep steep hill. Noted that a couple of gecaches wanted me to find them by making a sharp left up onto Bamford Moor. Now I've learned the hard way in the past that bamford moor is full or meandering sheep trails and thick heather. I THOUGHT I'd found a human trail to follow but I hadn't, so when it petered out I got soaked to the knees wading through damp heather. 

This time, when I found a geocache, it was a well sealed tupperware-style airtight container and it wan't ruined. It contained a lot of.... junk, like everyone had bought happy meals and saved the toys for geocaching *lol* reading a log spanning several years was pretty cool though. By the time I finished looking through it I was cold, wet, and sleepy. Not a good combination high up on a lonely moor. I didn't see a soul up there. To combat the wearniess I munched on some food and began walking again. I got to the next and last cache I'd planned to look for, and found out it was a place I was quite familiar with. It's funny to know that little boxes of... stuff... are hidden everywhere and you could be walking past the mall the time, but they're only know to a few. This one was more interesting and I took a little metal puzzle from it. (like <a href="http://www.frik-n-frak.com/Tavern-Puzzles_c_93-1-1.html?gclid=CIW7j_fVgpECFR1PMAodAyue-g">these</a> but less complex). I left behind an unwanted gift I'd been given, "national trust" handcream and facewipes. The idea behind these product, which comes in a bumbag with a water bottle, must be that a woman needs handcream to take with her even when she's walking? not really well thought out, I think - anyone who genuinely thinks two different kinds of handcream and face wipes are needed on a walk is unlikely to want to muddy herself and  go on a long walk. I detest stupid stereotypes that make people buy me handcreams or facemasks or pink things all the time. Just get me some rugged muddy boots or leave me alone. *l*

Oops. Hometime.