---
ID: 399
post_title: Sushi!!
author: yochannah
post_date: 2009-04-28 13:14:44
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2009/04/28/sushi/
published: true
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - 'yes'
aktt_tweeted:
  - "1"
---
Sunday was a busy busy day for me. Paris was my gift to D for our fifth wedding anniversary, and his gift to me was a sushi making class at <a href="http://www.sakushi.co.uk/home/">Sakushi</a>. When he booked it he'd been told it would be on a Wednesday, which would have made it nice and easy to get to on the train. Unfortunately, he'd been told the wrong date, so in the end we had to borrow Darren's parents' car to get there on sunday afternoon. The last train was at 21:02, and considering that the course finished at 21:00, and was a lot more than two minutes away from the train station, public transport wouldn't have worked very well.

We ended up being dreadfully late after getting lost and turned about in Sheffield about six times, and I nearly went the wrong way down a one way road when we were deperately trying to turn around off the ringroad heading away from the centre of town. I don't do late, which meant that I was reallllly stressed by the time we parked - nowhere near sakushi - and ran as fast as we could, arriving about 30 minutes late, and HOPING we'd remember where we'd parked the car. 

As we were the only people at the class - there had been two others booked who cancelled - it wasn't too much of a problem that we were so late. The class was loads of fun, and resulted in sushi that mostly looked ok and not horribly sloppy like it could have turned out. We didn't go into cooking the rice unfortunately - probably because I would have taken too long - but I would comfortably say I can now make passable maki, uramaki, and nagiri. I didn't manage to cut the salmon for the nagiri very well, but I think D was ok at it, so hopefully between us we'll do ok - I was better than he was at forming the rice for the nagiri anyway.

We ended up with 4 boxes stuffed full of sushi each at the end of the evening, and we've had to give it away, eat loooooads, and I think we still have some left. It's truly yummy, though. Now I just need to figure out where to buy nori....

Getting home, thankfully, was not difficult at all.... we didn't get lost even once! But I shan't take the car to Sheffield again unless I am utterly desperate. Too many one ways and bus lanes and tram lanes and shit.