---
ID: 326
post_title: No snow!
author: yochannah
post_date: 2009-02-13 20:52:17
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
dsq_thread_id:
  - "2378011383"
---
A new definition of true joy. I'm not sure what was worse - driving my bike over crunchy semi-compacted snow that had frozen overnight, or driving over melted snow (often known as water) that had frozen into sheet ice overnight. Evil cardrivers like to scoff at the snow and ice, and say it's not so bad. Say it again when you've only got two wheels and no hard metal box around you to protect you if you crash, meanies. 

So temperatures of 2c and 3c are just.... exciting. Rain shouldn't make a person ecstatic, not in a country where it rains all year round. But whooohooo! I love the lack of ice! BBC doesn't predict snow in Sheffield at any point over the next 5 days. The "warmth" will also make me healthier again, I hope. My asthma doesn't seem to like it when I cavort about outside (or even inside the house when it's -really- cold) in sub-zero temperatures. 

The assignment I submitted in a very last-minute fashion in january came back as 92, so not too bad for its last-minute-ness. I know I could have gotten better if I hadn't left it so late though. 

Work is so busy that we've been fast tracking just about everything we can, and it feels like my job role could be accurately described with the phrase "copies and pastes text efficiently". Blah.

My awesome-est bit of news clearly has to be that I have a new computer. My old one's mainboard decided to give up the other day, so after a bit of stewing we decided to order the bits for an up-to-date-ish one. The bit I just love is when you build all the bits and plug it in, switch the power button on and presto! It boots perfectly first time. Woot. There's always the slight terror that I will have forgotten some random but necessary bit.... like system before last that I built, when we forgot to get a heatsink for an OEM CPU. The only hitch building the PC was when I tried to put in the new mainboard drivers CD, (IO was using my old HDDs so I didn't need to install a new OS) only to find that I'd install the CD drive wrong way up. I seriously considered trying to hold the CD in while the draw closed, but decided against potentially ruining a perfectly good driver CD, and righted the drive. I also cut my finger when removing the IDE lead *sad face*. I would have been injury-less apart from that. Just for the heck of it I installed Ubuntu as well, and I'm having fun playing with it.... 

that's all for now