---
ID: 379
post_title: Paree!
author: yochannah
post_date: 2009-04-01 21:15:40
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - 'yes'
aktt_tweeted:
  - "1"
---
Soooo... I've had to be secretive and not shout out over the web that I had exciting plans, since they were <em>secret</em> plans. I told Darren on friday night that he wasn't actually due to work on saturday like he'd planned, because we were going to Paris. I'd debated secretly packing as much as I could and telling him a few hours before we went, but I had a feeling he'd not be too happy about not having time to prepare if I did that. He concurred once I'd told him - and promptly went out to buy more clothing to prepare. (The need for more clothes was something to do with black trousers and a brown jacket, or maybe brown trousers and a black jacket.... in any case it was all wrong and rectified by a pair of blue jeans from Tesco).

The trains and flight went really easily, and in Paris they didn't even stamp my passport (darn it! I wanted a Paree stamp).  Luggage was collected swiftly, although it's worth nothing that it was hard to get through the crowd to get to the conveyor belt. I wanted to say "slichah" to people so they'd let me through, but I knew that wasn't right. Apparently I only have room for two languages in my head, hebrew and english. Eventually (too late to be useful) I checked my little phrase book, which told me that "Excusez moi" was excuse me, but from observation on the metro over the next few days I learned that "pardon" was the word I wanted, I think. Darren and I were basically terrified rabbits whenever we had to converse with anyone. I was very proud of Darren for ordering two coffees in french on his own... At least he'd studied French! My foreign language was english, and I don't think I ever learned a thing in english class, since I usually spoke it better than the teachers.

We had directions to the hotel using the metro (thank you, John, Alicia, anonymous friend from paris), which were easy enough to follow, but it was still slightly scary hopping on the first time- it was the very fullest metro we encountered the whole journey. The hotel was easy to find too - it couldn't have gone more smoothly. [simage=690,400,y,left] The room was pink and red, and looooovely and warm. Warm enough that Darren tried to turn it down, but for myself I didn't mind when turning it down didn't work. I can't remember being so comfortably warm for a long time.  Mmmmmm. We managed to pull ourselves back out and become wakeful enough to find a restaurant on <a href="http://www.visualtravelguide.org/medium/France-Paris-17eme-Arrondissement-Place-Pereire.html">Place Pereire</a>, which served most of our food needs while we were there. The first restaurant was crammed and somewhat unpleasant, but the food itself was nice. Darren had duck with mashed potatoes that were nice. Clearly the french have some magic in them, because mashed potatoes are NOT nice. The creme brulee for desert was mmmmmmmm, and I was surprised to find out that "cafe" doesn't mean a normal white coffee, but instead an espresso. I still liked it well enough, but it wasn't what I'd expected. We were careful to remember to ask for cafe au lait after that. (Lolo, if I misspell any of the crazy frenchy stuff feel free to beat me). 

[simage=728,400,y,left] Next came schleeeeeeep... up at 8 to get ready and head again on the metro to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catacombs_of_Paris">the catacombs</a>. The first section of the catacombs are interesting and fun - underground tunnels, carefully blocked off so there's no way for idiot tourists to get lost - but the second part is what it's all about. There are more bones there than I can possibly encompass in my head. Just tunnels and tunnels full of femurs and skulls. No idea what happened to all the ribcages and humeruses and spines, and.... all exhumed many longtimes ago (late 1700s) when the cemeteries were growing too full.  

After exiting the catacombs we tried out one of the public toilet booths in the middle of the street, and vowed never to try them again. It's not too bad for a guy, but it had no seat!! yuck yuck yuck. It took us ages to figure out that entry to the toilet was free - "gratuit", and not the same as a gratuity, which obviously is not free, unless you're a miser or you just had terrible service. 

[simage=810,400,y,left] 	Next stop was the Eiffel tower. We accidentally went up the north pillar which had no stairs, so we had to queue for aaaaaaaaaaaaages in order to get up to the second floor, and for ages and ages more to get to the top, then for a while more to get back down again. There was a crazy parisian woman who decided I was pushing in front of her at one point - I can see why, since two lines were combining into one, which is always messy, but I wasn't trying to be rude. She told me off (I think) and then pushed in front of me to wait right in front of two sets of lift doors. Most amusingly of all, the doors in front of Darren and I opened before her set of doors, where we most definitely we not pushing in, but she still managed to get in first, the sin she had just told me off for attempting.... 

We had cafe au lait and a waffle on the eiffel tower, and then took the stairs down. It was pleasantly easy to walk all the way down, and lots of fun to laugh at the tired people on the way up. One little girl was red faced and crying, and appeared to literally get dragged by her father up the steps. I really wish I'd had a chance to head up the steps myself. 

[simage=808,400,y,right] 	We wandered along the Seine for a bit and decided to get on a huge tourist boat with a recorded tourguide telling us all about the sights in french, english, and spanish. It was quite fun and informative, and I didn't get sick, which had been a concern for both Darren and I. I'm good at getting motion sickess, but thankfully I've not puked on a boat since I had to take horrid slow ferries from <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Picton,_New_Zealand">Picton to Wellington</a>. We got to see the Notre Dame, the Louvre, many many beautiful bridges, and countless ornate buildings. There's no way to describe the area without copious use of the word "grand".  

We headed back to our hotel area, but managed to stop at a cafe for more food first. I had gazpacho with goat's cheese, which had a slightly foot-scented kick, and salmon for the mains. Darren had pate for starters, and lamb for his main meal. We shared a creme brulee again... thank you Ulrica for introducing us to them! French food is better than british food. It just is. 

[simage=829,400,y,left] 	The next day the only big plan was the Louvre. We agreed to get the most obvious must-see out first, as you can see in the image there... a lot of fuss about a dark painting, people!! We also saw the lady with no top or arms.... <a href="http://picasaweb.google.co.uk/lh/photo/jvi2RUacGvq_fqRDyQ9MbQ?feat=directlink">Venus de Milo</a>. But we spent most of our time browsing the egyptian antiquities area. We'd have like to see the greek and roman antiquities if they weren't mostly closed for renovation. About four o'clock we admitted defeat by de-feet - we'd been walking far too long and both of us had miserably sore walking appendages. 

We left the Louvre and wandered about the Place du Carrousel and the Jardin des Tuileries - a huge manicured garden full of white marble statues of naked people. I was amazed to see all the chairs available for the public to sit on - how the heck did they stop them from getting all stolen? An old man sat on one of them, and managed to sit so still that <a href="http://picasaweb.google.co.uk/lh/photo/4duC8RWUU5VRb40mM3XUVw?feat=directlink">pigeons</a> climbed on him. I can only guess that it was a trust relationship built over time, and that he had food.... 

The last night we had creme brulee once more (gotta get it while we can, right?) and did little. We packed swiftly in the morning, stopped off at the Arc de Triomphe, had breakfast at a cafe on Champs-Elysees, and headed off to the airport. We managed to get on the wrong RER, but realised quickly enough to get off, get another train, and then catch a train that actually went to the airport....

And that is all.