---
ID: 483
post_title: Purrito
author: yochannah
post_date: 2009-09-07 14:00:56
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2009/09/07/purrito/
published: true
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - 'yes'
aktt_tweeted:
  - "1"
dsq_thread_id:
  - "789381910"
---
The fun day that was thursday: 
Work like normal, come home. Before class, notice that the freezer has melty items in it. Freezers should not have melty items. Inspect freezer. Whilst inspecting, notice the litter tray near the fridge/freezer. 

Pink litter crystals. Oh dear. Blood = surely not good in urine. So I called the vet, but it was constantly engaged. The Emergency vet service in sheffield told us to keep trying our own vet, since they should be open and answering phones until 22:00. At about 9:45 PM I ended up deciding that our vet's phone must be off the hook, and called the emergency service again. Thankfully, it turned out that as long as she was peeing she was probably ok until the morning - if she's been comletely stopped up we'd have had to take her to the vet ASAP. Not an easy thing to arrange, taking a cat to a vet in sheffield in the middle of the night with no car. 

I ended up skipping work the next day - I hate the feeling of guilt when I do this. I'm pretty sure that my work won't expect me to leave my cat untended and possibly dying, I lost a day off my holidays, and yet I still feel like a horrible lazy skiver for doing it. Stupid brain. I got the cat to the vet, which was no fun at all for her. She mewled and cried whilst we were walking down the street. Car noises are pretty terrifying for an inside cat who's so scared of the outside that seeing things like a bird fly past is enough to scare her back inside on the rare occasions that she does go out.

We were seen pretty quickly once we got to the vet. The vet put her on a strict diet of special urinary tract food, no dry food, 2 pills a day, and gave her a painkiller and antibiotic via injection. She had a slightly high temperature too, and boy did she love they way we found out (not). The vet suggested trying a water fountain to make her drink more, and said before proceeding we needed a urine sample. We were provided with a special litter made of plastic that didn't absorb anything, and rather than scrub scrub scrub the normal litter tray to prevent the sample being tainted, I bought a foil baking tray to put the litter in. We were also provided with a pipette to collect the sample, which would pool at the bottom of the tray, and a tube to store it in. It took her all day to give in to the rubbish fake litter tray - she knew it wasn't the normal tray and was clearly desparate to pee, but not willing to go in it. at about 9 or 10 pm when she did go she managed to spill it over sideways (loads of urine went on the floor) and then ran to hide in shame under the upstairs bed. But there was still enough in the tray to get a sample to the vet. 

Getting her to swallow the pills proved to be scritchful experience. The cat skillfully ate the cheese and ignored the pill when I tried to sneak it into her food, and did the same when I wrapped the pill in sandwich meat. We ended up using the <a href="http://images.google.com/images?source=ig&hl=en&rlz=&q=purrito&um=1&ie=UTF-8&sa=N&tab=wi">purrito</a> method, which makes her hate us very much. She kept on leaving the room as soon as I entered for the first couple of days, but she's started talking to me again and just accepting the torture.

The science diet food she really really hates. She doesn't understand why the hell we aren't feeding her nice food, and keeps on coming up to us to beg for more. She's on partial hunger strike, but does seem to be eating some of the horrible food. Poor thingie. We're really hoping she doesn't need to be on the science diet long term. That might be torturous. She's normally such a picky beastie we buy as many different single pouches in as many different flavours and brands as possible. Don't get me wrong - she gets 2 pouches of food a day normally, and if she ignores a particular meal, she ignores it and gets nothing else until next mealtime. We don't put loads of food out until she finds a meal she fancies - we've just discovered she's a lot more likely to eat regularly if she has a varied selection. Fair enough really, because I feel the same way. 

On the only good note of that day, when I was clearing out the freezer so we could take delivery of the new one, something seemed to unblock the fan, and it came back to life. That was one less money worry to contend with - although the cost of refilling it won't be small either. The darn thing was pretty fully stocked. It really hurt to throw out mostly full - and in some cases even unopened - bags of frozen food, but we didn't know how long they'd been unfrozen for, and didn't really want to risk getting sick from eating it. 

Still waiting for the urine test results. In the meantime, lost of purritoing and nasty food for poor tortured cats. And scritches for the mean horrible humans.