---
ID: 488
post_title: Home :(
author: yochannah
post_date: 2009-11-14 14:58:46
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/blog/2009/11/14/home/
published: true
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - 'no'
aktt_tweeted:
  - "1"
---
So most people I talk to know anyway, but I've been in Israel for a couple of weeks with D. Just got back, first day at work today... :( ... (Edit: That was yesterday. I was going to finish this post last night but ended up losing my temper at a rubbish Interwebs connection and leaving my computer alone). (Double edit: I got distracted and had to do something, then I had to watch <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_Watch_(2004_film)">The Night Watch</a>... it's not the second day anymore either...)

An anecdote: When we were heading back to Ben Gurion via Jerusalem, I had planned to try and take a "Monit Sherut" - a taxi with a fixed route. They go from Ben Gurion to Jerusalem, so logically they go the other way too. However, upon asking the taxi drivers standing about yelling "Tel Aviv, Tel Aviv!" whether the bit of tel aviv they were going to involved the airport (outside tel aviv proper) they tried to convince me to pay 150 shekels to go with them, even though it wasn't their normal route. I had great fun yelling and attempting to bargain with him - a monit sherut will do 2 people for 100 shekels so there was no way I'd pay half as much again. They even lied to me and tried to convince me that there were no buses or taxis to the airport, from jerusalem OR from tel aviv, so when we finally found someone who'd take us they'd charge terribly expensively. Yeah right. Just cos I'm pasty white doesn't mean I'm a tourist, fool. Unfortunately he wouldn't come down on price, so we went to the nearby bus station and got a bus to Ben Gurion (*gasp*, they do run!) we paid ehhhhhr.... 36 shekels, together. D says I've been talking about it so much I'm clearly proud of it... 

Most of the time we did little, and when we did go out, we generally just ate and looked about / met friends. D got a nice <a href="http://www.barmahhats.com.au/squashy.asp#">Barmah</a> - we both have oiled chocolate squashy hats with different bands, now. I had a paler coloured suede one, but I accidentally washed it a while ago. Resolution: swap with D's Dad's hat, which was too big for him, and give him my shrunken one. I didn't even suggest it - he asked - so I didn't feel like I'd swapped ruined-too-small-crap for something good. 

One highlight day out was when we visited the Botanical Gardens.  There are a lot of <a href="http://picasaweb.google.com/yochannah/Israel2009BotanicalGardens">photos</a>. Mum and I enjoyed reading names of all the plants, Darren wandered about looking at the pretty scenery whilst listening to a Star Wars audiobook, and Michaela ran up random paths, just because they were there. The lunch at the restaurant inside the gardens was utterly amazing - the best meal I remember having in ages and ages. We started out with a flatbread to share, covered in goats cheese slivers and herbs, with some lovely antipasti at the side. The sweet potato antipasti was exquisite, sweet and soft, which I thought strange because I do. not. like. sweet potato. Mmmkay? I had a deep fried halloumi burger, which seemed evil (deep fried cheese......) but did not taste as greasy as it sounds. Even the lemonade was special - little lemon bits floating in it, just enough to make it seem freshly squeezed without being revolting like orange pulp (I always buy my orange juice without pulp, yeugh). Chocolate mousse made the end fantastically sweet. If you're ever in Jerusalem, GO THERE. With lots of money, preferably. 

Another highlight: Pig tracks EVERYWHERE. My siblings and D and I were on our way through a treed muddy area to the cool outdoor gym in Eli. In the darkness we could see the fresh pig tracks clearly - more than one pig, for sure - and couldn't see much else clearly. This results in imagining that small rocks and bushes and creaking sounds are all pigs. We felt safe enough AT the gym in the dark, because black pigs would stand out clearly on the pale-coloured stone covered earth, and ther's be enough seconds of warning to climb high onto gym equipment where pigs couldn't reach us. It wasn't terribly likely they'd have wanted to attack us anyway, since we talked and made lots of noise. A healthy respect for large wild beasts with tusks is generally recommended nonetheless.  We took the longer, way home leaving the gym - where there are useful things like street lights to see pigs.

A few other albums: <a href="http://picasaweb.google.com/yochannah/Israel2009AtHomeManyPets"> Home & Pets </a> - I think ella took this. 
<a href="http://picasaweb.google.com/yochannah/Israel2009Hometime#">Hometime</a> - a few last photos on the last day. The quilt is one mum made for us that's on our bed now and she was sewing literally until we had to leave for the bus to Jerusalem. 
<a href="http://picasaweb.google.com/yochannah/Israel2009ViewOfTheOldCity#">View of the Old City</a> This is from a part of jerusalem that's outside the old city, but is actually one of the first suburbs to be made outside of the old city walls, and it has a gorgeous view of the city. I needed to get some photos of something recognisably Jerusalem in my Rotherham Wheelers top. I didn't really manage since we didn't go to any touristy destinations, but I had been carrying the camera and my top with me for days in hopes of *something* Israeli looking, like perhaps a huge menorah with a sign saying something in hebrew and in english. This was what I managed :)