---
ID: 561
post_title: Walkies!!
author: yochannah
post_date: 2010-03-24 21:54:58
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - 'no'
---
[simage=1670,640,y,center]
I love the lonely misty land. Possibly more than sun. There's something about a light rain that just makes me NEED to get out. (Yesterday the rain made me get off the train early to cycle along the canal for a few miles, and I got home feeling invigorated. Also, I was rather wet, but that's ok... )

Route: Bamford - Win Hill - Hope.

The route was based around the Thornhill trail, a disused (and de-railed) railway. I knew it was nice and flat, and was there to check it out for access points. There are a surprising amount of wheelchair-accessible scenic walk routes, if you know where to look. Partway through down the path there's an intersection with a road that provides wonderful access. We'll hopefully go there with my parents in law in the next few weeks. I don't want to go ASAP - I'd rather wait until there's a bit more spring evident. I find it lovely but worry others might find it a tad bleak...  

[simage=1620,640,y,center]

The highlights of the journey were probably the flora snaps I got:

[simage=1687,640,y,center]
[simage=1667,640,y,center]
[simage=1605,640,y,center]
[simage=1689,640,y,center]

All in all it was a pleasant albeit short walk. I had a funny time getting off the hill I'd ascended, involving slipping and sliding down a very muddy trail under the watchful eye of two hikers at the top who'd stopped for lunch. I was slipping so much I kept on cracking up at myself. I'm reasonably sure it wasn't just clumsiness... 

I took a relaxed pace the whole time (not surprising when I found out I'd taken 130 photos!!!). Just as I approached the train platform, about 100 metres away, I heard a squeal and saw a train braking at my platform. I was incredibly pleased to catch it (by running my legs off) sine I'd not been paying attention to the clock and had no idea what times the trains were running at. I got on and plonked my bag down on my knees only to find out that my playpus hose was slightly loose... but I didn't notice until it'd leaked enough to make it look and feel like I'd peed myself (niiiice eh?). Luckily my trousers were designed for walking in the wet and dryed out pretty fast. 

Side note: remember my <a href="http://catwithnoname.com/wordpress/?tag=mandarin">mandarin duck</a>? I saw him again yesterday. I love that little guy.