---
ID: 24210
post_title: Bummer
author: yochannah
post_date: 2013-10-30 14:40:15
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
dsq_thread_id:
  - "1920463770"
---
Referencing my previous post, I survived the next day of work, unsurprisingly, and eventually the mortification and morose self-hate melted. On the other hand, the desk move wasn't much help. Smelly smoke still wafts across the room strongly. It's quite possibly a bit better, but I think I'm stuck with the situation until one of us moves on. At the moment, it's not enough to push me elsewhere, but it might be, one day.

On the other hand, don't make the mistake of thinking I don't like my job. It's awesome. Here are a few things: 
<ul>
<li>It's warm. Not joking, this is a huge plus, when I've worked at places so cold I've had two or three undershirts on, a top, a cardigan, a scarf, a shawl on my knees, and gloves. Try typing when your hands are icicles!</li>
<li>I get to wear whatever I want. </li>
<li>I get to program. </li>
<li>There's indoor secure bike parking</li>
<li>There's a shower. Admittedly, it's a small smelly shower (the entire room is smaller than a toilet cubicle, hard to dress and undress due to space) - but it's a shower. </li>
<li>I've learn whole fuckloads about javascript, and some less interesting bits about Spring, and Hibernate.</li>
<li>I've had the chance to play with designing Android UIs, resulting in <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.know.leeds">an app on the Google Play Store</a>. The non-design work was not mine, to be clear :)</li>
<li>I have met other vegetarians, who actually know what things like seitan, tempeh, and polenta are, and who don't think soymilk is the spawn of the devil.</li>
</ul>

I think that's all for now :)