---
ID: 24174
post_title: Stuff
author: yochannah
post_date: 2013-10-06 20:52:05
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
published: true
dsq_thread_id:
  - "1830799588"
---
Looking and realising just how long it's been since I last posted is surprising. I knew it was a long while, but M253 is prettymuch foggy past now (Read: M253 was started in late 2011, and it's now the ass-end of 2013). 

Anyway a thing has been happening in the last few days that I felt I need to put into writing for some reason, something more concrete than a few brief social media snippets. A person I spend a lot of time sitting near to is a smoker. Normally, sitting near a smoker means I dislike their habits and occasionally get an unpleasant whiff. In this case, for reasons I don't particularly understand, it was a lot stinkier. A <em>lot</em>. Enough that it really bothered me, most days. Sometimes I'd find myself sitting at my desk, breathing with my hand over my mouth and nose. Or sitting a meter or more away when trying to view the person's screen to work through some common code or discussion. 

I'd been placing room fresheners between us, which sometimes seemed to help a bit, but too often, not. For some reason, three or four days ago I decided that it was no longer tolerable, and I should do something about it. I asked advice from some friends how they'd handle it, and the general consensus was go to my line manager to discuss it, and/or ask to move. I didn't, and still don't, agree with the 'go to line manager' bit of it, based on how <em>I</em> would like to be treated. I have a smelly lifestyle; I love cycling, or hiking, or running, depending on what my crush is and what the weather's like. For a while, it was even just going to the gym, although that's naturally a sucky habit, since it's indoors. Anyway, I make myself smelly a lot. I'm aware of the fact, and try to compensate for the fact by showering, carrying changes of clothes, keeping a body spray and a solid lush perfume at work, etc. If I failed at the de-smelling, I'd be pretty horrified with myself, and if I was regularly doing so, I'd want to be told. I don't think it's nice or reasonable to expect others to endure BO. 

If it was an issue, and someone decided to complain to management, rather than me, I'd be pretty pissed off. Similarly, I guess I'd be pissed off if I found out I'd been reeking at people for months before they bothered to tell me, so I guess that I'd failed at that point already. 

Anyway after a lot of deliberation and thought, I told the person what I thought in private. I can't really remember what words I said anymore - I certainly didn't wish to offend, beyond the obvious fact that telling <em>anyone</em> they smell is probably offensive. The person didn't seem to be inclined in the slightest to try and conceal or prevent the odour in any way, and seemed to think it was unreasonable that I had spoken up. It's hard to tell as there was almost no verbal response directly to me, although that person then moved into the the desk of an absent colleague, prettymuch there and then, without notifying the absent colleague. So, I guess that will be a really fucking awkward conversation on Monday when the second person returns. 

I've ended up feeling pretty messed up, positive that I'd offended beyond reason, and wishing I'd just shut up and put up with it. It's easy to assume that smokers don't know they smell bad, don't care that they smell bad, and don't care about the feelings or comfort of others, but before I spoke to the smoker, I didn't want to assume that was true. It seemed unreasonably stereotypical, and an unkind assumption. It especially doesn't work well with one of my guiding principles - to try and treat others the way I'd like to be treated myself. As I said earlier, I <em>know</em> I'd rather be told I was smelly (dear goodness, I hope I'm not!). But maybe smokers don't want to be reminded or told. Or maybe just this smoker. 

It's just frustrating to choose what *still* seems to be the path I should choose, only to find out it was the wrong one, and now I'm an official asshole. Seems like I'm an asshole either way: not telling someone they stink is unkind, and telling someone they stink is unkind. 

I'm dreading work tomorrow, for the first time ever at this job. Goddamit.